Among the sectors, except IT and Pharma all other indices are trading lower.
Today, USD-INR pair is expected to quote in the range of 69.60 and 70.20, says Motilal Oswal.
With just a single star in ANCAP, the 2019 Jeep Wrangler scored the least marks out of any vehicle currently on sale in Australia Late last year, the Wrangler received single star rating in Euro NCAP crash tests and the result was no different in ANCAP despit
Front-month Brent crude futures, the international benchmark for oil prices, were at $69.60 a barrel at 0332 GMT, down 51 cents, or 0.7%, from the last session's close.
In February, Airtel unveiled plans to raise as much as Rs 32,000 crore for a war chest to take on Jio as well as to prepare for an impending 5G airwaves auction.
The govt is also about to train the gun on CARE, ICRA and Ind-Ra who gave high ratings to IL&FS.
Ten months after Vodafone and Idea merged, executives remain confused and apprehensive. CEO tells ET the process is smooth
NMDC | Gati | Great Eastern Shipping | IRB Infrastructure | 20 Microns | 3M India | Sun Pharma and Aurobindo are stocks which are in the news today.
While major redundancies have been on the consumer-facing side, other impacted areas include supply chain, HR, finance, administration and networks.
Companies shutting shop, pivoting their business models or opting for outright sale.
Larry Ellison is the 7th richest man in the world with an estimated net worth of close to $56.2 billion.
Mahindra is currently working on various new products that will be launched in the Indian markets in the coming months The Indian automobile scenario is changing rapidly. Soon, there will be new crash norms test in place, and next year, the whole automobile s
The next gen Hyundai Creta will most likely make its debut in India at the 2020 Auto Expo early next year.
RBI puts on hold Shanghvi Finance's request for core investment company licence.
India Business News: NEW DELHI: Punjab National Banks (PNBs) woes dont seem to be ending with the state-run lender reporting a loss of Rs 4,750 crore in the March quart.
January-March quarter growth may have slumped to 6-6.3% against 6.6% expansion in the preceding one.
Shares of DHFL fell almost four per cent
A  1,085 crore one-time charge following a governance scandal hit profit.Sudhir Valia, brother-in law of founder Dilip Shanghvi, will become a non-executive director from whole-time director
FY19 saw FDI equity inflows falling 1% to $44.4 bn in fresh policy challenge.The two sectors where FDI inflows dropped the most in 2018-19 are telecom (fell 56%) and pharma (dropped 74%)
Labour Commissioners office asks bank to stay on and help with details of bidding; Ministry of Civil Aviation asked to depute representative
Global sales of smartphones to end users declined 2.7 per cent in the first quarter (Q1) of 2019, totalling 373 million units, and despite its absence from the US, Huawei maintained its ranking as the No.2 smartphone vendor globally and continued to reduce th
CarWale tests Hyundai Venue SX 1.0 (O) Petrol. Read the complete road test report to know how it performed.
Bitcoin Flat; Traders Eye $10,000 Test
Suresh Kumar's appointment comes as Walmart is undertaking major investments in its e-commerce business.Suresh Kumar was associated with Google where he was serving as vice president and general manager of display, video, app ads and analytics
The GCMMF has recorded a sales turnover of Rs 33,150 crore for the financial year 2018-19, which is 13 per cent higher than the previous financial year.
R&D spend at 4.4% of revenue; launches 15 products in U.S.
Richard Yu, has revealed details about Huawei's OS. It will apparently be available later this Fall and it will be compatible with all Android apps.
GE's planned job cuts would occur principally at its site in Belfort, in the east of France.
IFC said its fund infusion is in sync with its strategic objective of "increasing the resilience of the country's financial sector while improving financial inclusion".
In absolute term, gross NPAs were at Rs 3,358.99 crore by the end of 2018-19, higher than Rs 2,694.21 crore year ago. Net NPAs rose to Rs 1,506.29 crore from Rs 1,457.89 crore.
The new time window for RTGS will come into effect from June 1.
International Business News: Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) has been recognised among the top 50 companies in the US for diversity and inclusion management by excelling in areas
Despite the current slump in the domestic aviation market, India will require up to 10,000 new pilots by 2030.
Launched by Ampere Vehicles under FAME-II scheme, the e-scooter will get a subsidy of Rs 18,000. It has a top speed of 55 kmph and a range of 75 km with charge time of 5.5 hours, the company said in a release.
Stocks - Wall Street Rises Even as Trade Worries Continue
The fortune of Jeff Bezos was estimated by Forbes magazine to be $131 billion this year. Jeff and MacKenzie Bezos divorced earlier this year.MacKenzie Bezos, whose former husband is the world's richest man, was one of 19 people on Tuesday to sign the 'Giving 
The 7-seater SUV will get a brand new diesel engine.
That time of the year when everyone is like, "Kitna mila?" "Kuch khaas nahi." Actors - Pratik Kamat | Rahul Nair | Vishnu Menon | | Pranjali Dubey | Vineeth ...
Prices have been on the rise since May 20, a day after the final phase of polling for the Lok Sabha elections ended.
Company cancels Board Meeting scheduled for Tuesday
Triumph Motorcycles, the iconic British brand known for bikes like the Street twin, Street Triple and Tiger among others, is offering huge discounts on its bikes.
Venture capital and growth-equity investment firm SAIF Partners has invested in a startup floated by former members of its own
The NCLAT gave a final opportunity to Vikram Bakshi to settle his dispute with HUDCO before the settlement between McDonald's and Bakshi could get its nod.
The Dow Jones Industrial Avergage is set to break its winning streak with its first monthly loss of 2019. Here's what went wrong.
The FedEx Corp on Tuesday apologized on its Chinese social media account for mishandling Chinese telecoms equipment maker Huawei's packages, saying there was no external pressure.
We ride the updated Apache RR 310 to find out how much has improved. Click to read the review.
Ather Energy was one of the earliest start-up investments of Sachin Bansal when he invested $0.5 Mn in the firm as an Angel investor in 2014.
Big brands like P&G and Lego will be immune from the changes.
If the GDP report comes in below the 3.1% forecast then crude oil could break sharply again since this will likely mean that further weakness is coming. Furthermore, the report comes out before the weekly U.S. Energy Information Administrations inventories r
Music Broadcast Ltd (MBL), a subsidiary of Jagran Prakashan is acquiring Reliance Broadcast Network, which houses Big FM, for Rs 1,050 crore.
Today, USD-INR pair is expected to quote in the range of 69.20 and 69.90, says Motilal Oswal.
With 50% of Indias domestic market, the carrier known as IndiGo isnt resting on its laurels.
An emergency meeting of the PSX Board of Directors accepted Morin's resignation.
Lenders are yet to receive a formal offer from the Hinduja Group, which had recently said it was evaluating the opportunity to invest in Jet Airways
Arun Sarin, the former CEO of Vodafone Group, is looking forward to working with Bhavish Aggarwal and the Ola Electric team towards 'their bold vision for the future of mobility' as an independent director.
The trade war between Beijing and Washington has stoked concern in financial markets that China might opt to weaponize its holdings of more than $1.1 trillion worth of US Treasuries in retaliation for the tariffs the Trump administration has imposed on Chines
After being re-elected for the second term, the Modi-led government is now planning to ease the tax norms to provide
Alibaba had raised $25 billion in New York in the worlds largest initial public offering
"Reliance Capital has exercised the Green-Shoe option and will sell over 8 percent of its shareholding in RNAM through OFS aggregating approx Rs 1,100 crore," the Anil Ambani-led company said in an exchange release.
