Shilpa Shetty says her young son Viaan did his first back flip to impress his guru and actor Tiger Shroff, who calls the little one a superhero.
If Priyanka Chopra Jonas looked like a million bucks at the Billboard Music Awards 2019 red carpet, it was courtesy her sparkling ensemble and glittering jewels.
Katrina Kaif is loving her new car, which she proudly showed off to fans via her social media page.
Aamir Khan-starrer 'Laal Singh Chaddha', which is the Hindi remake of Tom Hanks' 1994 classic 'Forrest Gump', will release around Christmas in 2020.
Shahid Kapoors wife Mira Rajput shared a new picture of son Zain on her Instagram account. The toddler is seen with hairclips in his hair.
In his post, Sudeep also added a thank you note for Salman Khan as he wrote: "Thanks, Salman Khan, sir for making me feel at home."
Hina Khan aka Komolika from Kasautii Zindagii Kay 2 has become a troll target for wearing a bikini and posting pictures on social media
These 5 WWE Superstars had extremely unexpected careers after they left WWE!
'Game of Thrones' makers are working on three spin-offs of the show.The one I am not supposed to call 'The Long Night' will be shooting later this year, says George RR Martin
Kapil Sharma welcomed Badhaai Ho stars Neena Gupta and Gajraj Rao on his show.
Krystle D'Souza, who checked in to a Mumbai pub with her friends recently, must have bumped into Hardik Pandya, clicked a photo
Anushka Sharma is currently having the time of her life as she is spending some quality time with her darling husband Virat Kohli. The actress is making sure she is there with him during his matches to cheer and support him.After celebrating her birthday in B
Soni Razdan speaks about daughter Alia Bhatt and Shaheen Bhatt and how the latters depression gave her sleepless nights.
In September 2017, a major fire broke out at one of the main stages of RK Studio and destroyed the sets of a dance reality show while the ground floor was gutted.
Sussanne Khan has spoken about meeting ex-husband Hrithik Roshan for the first time back in the 90s. He was not a superstar at that time, but was one in my eyes when I met him, she said.
Actor Jr NTR and wife Pranathi celebrated their eighth wedding anniversary today, May 5th and the day being a special one, the RRR star took to Instagram and shared the cutest photo of them. Tarak shared a photo of him and wife Pranathi with a broken hand. He
Just days after saying I do with Joe Jonas in a surprise Las Vegas wedding after the Billboard Music Awards, Game of Thrones actress Sophie Turner has legally changed her name.
The first promo of Pearl V Puri & Ishita Dutta starrer 'Bepanah Pyaarr' has been released by the makers on social media.
Actor Kriti Sanon has bid goodbye to her friends after a Ga vacation. They shared several pictures from their beach outing on Instagram.
The screenwriters in their recent interview revealed why they have to end the characters of superheroes like Iron Man, Captain America and Black Widow.
The official trailer for Sivakarthikeyan-Nayanthara starrer Mr Local was released on Sunday morning. The trailer that promises a comedy entertainer has the two locking horns during its 2-minute duration. Written and directed by Rajesh M, the films cast inclu
Ram Gopal Varma aka RGV is back to his old profession weeks after the release of Lakshmi's NTR and made a sensational comment on stylish star Allu Arjun's elder brother Allu Bobby aka Venkatesh.
Sushmita Sen is now gearing up for brother Rajeev Sens wedding and announced the news of his engagement on Instagram.
Aligarh writer Apurva Asrani has slammed Akshay Kumar on Twitter for winning a National Film Award for Rustom in 2016. However, Raees director Rahul Dholakia supported the actor.
Taapsee Pannu was recently traveling by air and unfortunately had a not so good experience with the airline and thu
Haryanas Sumit Saini won the title of The Voice Season 3 held yesterday night (May 4).
When Melisandre bumped into Arya during the undead's siege at the Winterfell, she once again delivered a bizarre message to the young warrior that she told her during the Season 3.
Get From Alia Bhatt to Ananya Panday and Shilpa Shetty to Athiya Shetty, these B-town divas got the memo wrong. Check out the who made it to the list of the worst-dressed celebs and why!. Read now on BollywoodLife.com
The stage is set for the second big confrontation in Game of Thrones. After the Night King and his Army of the Dead was defeated, now Jon Snow, Daenerys Targaryen and Sansa Stark have turned their eyes towards King's Landing, where Cersei Lannister is waiting
One of the most surprising hits of 2018 was Sharddha Kapoor and Rajkummar Rao starrer Stree. The film not only introduced the audiences to something new but aced the genre of horror comedy. The film which also starred actors like Pankaj Tripathi, Aparshakti K
Deepika Padukone is currently one of the most successful actresses we have in Bollywood. The actress has proved her mettle with her stunning performances in various films over the time. The actress is now all set to make her appearance at the MET Gala 2019.We
The sequel to the 2012 film, starring Tiger Shroff, Ananya Panday and Tara Sutaria, has a message, said director Punit Malhotra: Follow your dreams.
In Hollywood's box office war, 'Avengers: Endgame' has turned out to be a game-changer as it gallops its way to the USD 2 billion mark.
This just became more interesting!
Priyanka Chopra's brother Siddharth Chopra had announced his engagement to Ishita Kumar earlier this year. The actress, along with husband Nick Jonas, was here in the country for the roka ceremony as well. The marriage was supposed to happen around the last w
Konnan spoke about WWE not listening to their fans and said that he believes the company is behind the curve when it comes to representing minorities...
OnePlus claims it doesn't need a water resistance IP rating for the 7 series phones.
It probably beat the weather prospects to be the question most asked over the bank holiday weekend: Has Meghan had her baby yet? The answer remained as elusive as ever last night with no official...
Princess Charlotte is adorable, isnt she? With her sweet, earnest face peeping out of the home photos to celebrate her fourth birthday last week, she is the mirror image of her great-grandmother...
A fellow zookeeper rushed in to help a 24-year-old colleague after two lions attacked him when he entered their enclosure in a north German zoo on May 4.
Actor Vivek Oberoi, who has played the role of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his biopic, was seen on Saturdayat a BJP campaign in New Delhi. The BJP was holding the "Saaton Seatein Modi Ko" campaign in the capital, as all seven Lok Sabha seats in Delhi are 
In the previous episode, we see how Mahir aka Mihir goes to the haveli where he has glimpses of his last birth. Later, Mihir and Bela aka Shraavni cannot take their eyes off each other. Mohit expresses his surprise to see a lady mechanic while Bela aka Shraav
Want to know how the day is going to unfold for you? Check out the daily horoscope and astrology prediction for your respective zodiac sign below.
Earlier this year, PewDiePie didn't take well his defeat as the World's No.1 YouTube channel after Indian film and music label T-Series took the lead, and made derogatory comments about India.
Bollywood celebrities often treat fans with their unseen pictures and videos on social media accounts. And what get the most attention are the throwback pictures of their lives. Recently, a Bollywood actress posted her childhood picture on her Instagram handl
Farah Khan and Shah Rukh Khan have worked together in films like Om Shanti Om, Mai Hoon Na, Happy New Year. Farah is collaborating with Rohit Shetty for the upcoming musical film.
How can so many superheroes fit at one picnic table?
Mumtaz's daughter Tanya Madhwani shared a video on Instagram to set the record straight and rubbished reports of her mother's death. This is not the first time the 70-year-old actor has become a victim of death hoax.
Lady superstar Nayanthara who is seeing director Vignesh Shivan since couple of years, is likely to get engaged later this year
Akshay Kumar, who said he has Canadian citizenship, was questioned on social media about winning the National Award.
The trailer of actor Trishas next film Paramapadham Vilayaatu was released on Saturday, coinciding with her birthday. It starts out with Trisha, who plays a doctor, speaking to the media and giving them a brief about Chezhiyan, who is later revealed to be th
The Battle of Winterfell was an 82-minute cinematic spectacle which finally saw the demise of The Night King. It was a feat that seemed unattainable since season 1 of Game of Thrones when Ned Stark proclaimed that, "Winter is coming." Many were left dazed and
Actor Kriti Sanon is on a vacation in Goa with her friends and has shared pictures and videos on her Instagram account from the scenic location.
Mahesh Babu is relaxed ahead of the release of 'Maharshi'. In his latest interview, he says that May 9th is going to be a magical date. Sharing his heart-felt emotions about 'Maharshi', the charming actor talks about what makes it unique and powerful. Catch h
Indian National Congress Party took to Twitter to celebrate Star Wars Day and take a dig at Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the same time with the most famous Yoda quote.
Amala Paul had last starred in the successful Tamil movie 'Ratsasan', the psycho thriller starring Vishnu Vishal.
Peter Mayhew, the towering actor who donned a huge, furry costume to give life to the rugged-and-beloved character of Chewbacca in the original 'Star Wars' trilogy and two other films died on Thursday.
Boney Kapoor still finds it tough to come to terms with the death of his wife and actress Sridevi, and says it is impossible to forget her.
Power coupleShah Rukh Khanand Gauri Khan has been setting marriage goals for over 25 years now! Yes, while the two of them have tackled many ups, downs and gossips together, they continue to make marriage look lovely after all this while. At a recent style
Aaradhya shares a special bond with the Bachchans. However, since childhood, she is usually spotted with her mother
Don't be afraid to admit you want it all.
Throwbacks make one nostalgic. They take you down the memory lane. Yesterday, Divya Dutta shared a throwback pictur
Detective Pikachu's Ryan Reynolds Addresses Why He Swears So Much
Iconic RK Studios was on Friday sold to Godrej Properties Ltd in Mumbai. Founder by legendary film actor Raj Kapoor,
a lot of films were shot here in 1970's and 1980's under the banner of RKFilms.
News News: Spearheading BJPs push to return to power, Modi held over 200 programmes across 27 states and Union Territories in the last 125 days, including frequ
Robert Downey Jr. makes a whole load of money from playing Iron Man; the salaries for Scarlett Johansson, Chris Hemsworth, and Chris Evans also revealed.
Find out if the media and readers are finally over Prince Harry and Meghan Markle.
Jon's dragon took quite a beating while fighting the Night King during The Long Night's Battle of Winterfell--but did Rhaegal die?An Episode 4 preview clues us in.
The cheapest accessory costs around Rs 2,51,000.
According to celebrity management sector estimates, Myntra may be shelling out upwards of  10 crore for the couple as brand endorsement fee.This is would be the couples second big brand endorsement deal after mens ethnic wear brand Manyavar with which they
Actors Ranbir Kapoor and Alia Bhatt were in Germany for Brahmastra last Saturday. Director  Ayan Mukerji has shared a video where Ranbir is training with a German movement expert. Watch.
Anand Ahuja wrote for Sonam Kapoor: "Nothing could be more of a blessing than to have your life partner be your best friend"
Jenelle Evans has been fired from 'Teen Mom 2' according to statement released by MTV. Find out all the details!
Sapna Choudhary has been in the limelight ever since her stint in the popular reality show 'Big Boss' season 11. From her sizzling dance numbers, to her mesmerizing voice, fans go gaga over her. But recently, Sapna was trolled on social media for wearing a sh
WWE SmackDown Live Superstar, Kevin Owens recently spoke with The Wrap where he discussed his recent heel turn in WWE, to start his current feud.
Disney has announced its upcoming movie slate on Tuesday, revealing the dates for the next three Star Wars movies and Marvel's Phase 4 films.
Horoscope Today, May 8, 2019: Cancer, the Sun is passing through a sympathetic region of your chart indicating that while you still have some freedom of action, fate will also lend a helping hand.
Latina star Jennifer Lopez thought they wouldnt be able to surprise her. But you surprised me! she exclaimed. Singer-songwriter Ne-Yo called their
Bollywood actress Deepika Padukone is known not only for her brilliant acting skills but for her utter beauty too. It has been a long time since the actress made her debut in the Bollywood film industry with the movie Om Shanti Om back in the year 2007. After
Nobody seems quite clear on how time travel works in Endgame, including the people who made the movie.

Sonam Kapoor and Anand Ahuja celebrate their first wedding anniversary on Wednesday. Check out their 10 romantic pics.
Kangana Ranaut starrer Mental Hai Kya is set to clash with Hrithik Roshan's Super 30 on July 26. The production houses of both the films - Balaji Motion Pictures and Reliance Entertainment confirmed the same.
HBO has digitally removed the stray coffee cup that attracted fans attention in the latest episode of Game of Thrones, but the Indian streaming partner Hotstar still appears to be carrying the original cut of the episode.
TV and film actor Ashnoor Kaur has scored a 93% in CBSE class 10 boards. She detailed her hectic study schedule in an Instagram post
Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston were the ultimate power couple before Brangelina was born. The pair was the talk of the town throughout their marriage up until their untimely split in 2005. Around the same time, it was being reported that a romance was brewing
Several things went wrong in the first four episodes in terms of storyline and war strategies. But nothing else was as infuriating as the way Brienne of Tarth was projected!
While the world of glam and glitz is celebrating love and happily ever after, we often wonder when our favourite Bollywood diva, Katrina Kaif will walk the aisle. Recently, she opened up about the same.
Actor Sameera Reddy has said that she was shunned by Bollywood after she stepped away from the limelight. Everyone vanished, nobody was there, she said.
After Ranveer Singh- Deepika Padukone and Priyanka Chopra- Nick Jonas, another B-town wedding that is on everyones list is Alia Bhatt and Ranbir Kapoor. Thats right! That Ranbir Kapoor and Alia Bhatt are dating each other is a fact known to all, thanks to t
Actress Jessica Chastain thinks it is not okay for the show to credit rape and sexual abuse with the evolution of Sansa Stark's character.
Ananya Panday will be making her Bollywood debut with the film Student of The Year 2. She stars alongside Tiger Shroff and Tara Sutaria in the lead roles. The film is a sequel to Alia Bhatt, Varun Dhawan and Sidharth Malhotra in the lead roles. The audience 
Today has been all about the MET Gala 2019 as Hollywood and Fashion collided to give us some memorable stylish moments. Whether it be Lady Gaga's iconic dramatic entrance to Harry Styles owning the pink carpet, it was a night to remember. However, there was o
The annual Cannes festival is back and the Bollywood gang is gearing up to be at the French Riviera. Each year, the event witnesses several B-Town actors sashaying down the red carpet, sporting some of the most avant garde outfits. Interestingly, everyone is 
Relationships can be tricky. There are multiple problems, ups and downs and interferences when it comes to being with somebody else. There are a million adjustments and compromises one needs to make to be happy and satisfied in a relationship. A recurring pro
This year&#39;s Met Gala, which took place at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, USA, wasnt just about fashion, it was a performance. From Katy Perrys chandelier outfit to Billy Porters bl
In February, Navjot Singh Sidhu was called out for his statements on Pulwama terror attack. He was later replaced by Archana Puran Singh on The Kapil Sharma Show.
The much-awaited second season of Sacred Games is all set to entertain fans very soon. From actors to makers, everybody is trying their best to keep the buzz alive and grab attention of fans. Recently, Netflix introduced two new faces --Kalki Koechlin and Ran
Actor Chris Evans surprised his former classmates at their 20-year high school reunion.The 37-year-old actor stopped by Sudbury, Massachusetts on Saturday
The day also marked the birthday of celebrity couple George Clooney and Amal who are also royal couples family fri
Isha Ambani looks stunning in Prabal Gurung at the Met Gala 2019
Were constantly fascinated by what our zodiac sign says about our lives, whether it's which signs are most compatible or how each sign handles conflict in relationships. That's why Bustle has enlisted Mecca Woods, a New York City-based astrologer
Gauri Khan, who is also an interior designer, worked on Antilia's lounge area with Nita Ambani. Antilia is Asia's most expensive house.
Beauty has a certain standard set when it comes to Bollywood stars. While some of them feel that it's their duty to look perfect all the time, some know how to embrace their flaws. Actress Sonam Kapoor recently took to her Instagram handle and shared a pictur
Parth Samthaan and Erica Fernandes, who are rumoured to be dating each other, went to Mussoorie to spend the Kasautii Zindagii Kay 2 actress' birthday.
While Indian social media users focused on Chopra and Deepika Padukone, other celebrities too provided much fodder for humour.
Get Much to the joy of waiting fans, Yash and Radhika share the first picture of their daughter which is now going viral on social media.. Read now on BollywoodLife.com
The makers of 'Student Of The Year 2'have unveiled the latest song from the film. Titled 'Jatt Ludhiyane Da', the s
Talking to BT in 2018, Karan Oberoi and the girl had both lashed out at each other, letting out contradictory versions. The girl said that they had a physical relationship but Karan vehemently denied
Sunny Leone has posted a new video on Instagram in which she can be seen with her son.
Bollywoods biggest stars studied, played and walked down the path of occasional mischief during their days as young students  just like ordinary youngsters do.
At times, while hanging out with our best friends, we don't get time to click a decent picture and later when we try to recollect the moments, we cannot. This is exactly the case with many tv actors as well. They might be the closest of friends, but at times,
Deepika Padukone looks all things dreamy at Met 2019
Kullfi Kumarr Bajewala: Kullfi volunteers to donate her bone marrow to Amyra | Tellychakkar.com
From being best friends to lovers, Samantha Akkineni and Naga Chaitanya are one of the hottest couples of the Southern film industry. ChaySam (as their fans call them), have always left their fans mesmerised with their onscreen camaraderie to sizzling off-scr
Bharat director Ali Abbas Zafar opened up on one bad thing about working with Salman Khan. Bharat is Ali's third collaboration with Salman.
His wife was devoted to him.
Arjun Kapoor and Malaika Arora have been the talk of the town for their rumoured relationship. Their various outings together quickly make it to the headlines. There has been much buzz about Arjun and Malaika's wedding rumours. Recently the couple visited a h
Newlyweds Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas attended the Met Gala 2019 last night. The newly-dubbed Mr and Mrs Jonas hit the pink carpet in coordinating Louis Vuitton by Nicolas Ghesquire.
Esha Deol is all set to welcome her second child with husband Bharat Takhtani| Pregnant Esha Deol Pictures
It was a chaotic night on WWE Raw with the Superstar Shake-up fall out continuing and Money in the Bank approaching
Filmmaker Rohit Shetty's cop-film universe is officially expanding with a third character, Veer Sooryavanshi after the supreme success of films like 'Singham' and 'Simmba'. Akshay Kumar and Katrina Kaif begin work on their first Rohit Shetty film, 'Sooryavans
The extravagant 2019 Met Gala is underway and Hollywood stars from the West including musicians are sashaying down the pink carpet in New York. One of the most followed young couples Hailey Baldwin and Justin Bieber often make appearances together but for fas
Amy Jackson and fianc George Panayiotou threw an engagement bash in London on Monday. The two, who have been dating since 2015, will soon become parents.
In The Last Of the Starks, 'Game of Thrones' fourth episode from the final season, we see Jon Snow leading from the front to deliver a powerful speech that has left fans crushing over him.
Lady Gaga, Ezra Miller, Harry Styles, Kylie Jenner, Kendall Jenner, Cardi B, Kim Kardashian, Halsey, Nicki Minaj, James Charles, Liza Koshy, & more make our ...
Directed by Vamshi Paidipally, Maharshi stars Mahesh Babu, Pooja Hegde, Allari Naresh, Jagapathi Babu and Prakash Raj among others. The film will be released on May 9.
Lilly Singh talks with Liza Koshy about her lily-inspired Moschino gown and representing Scarborough, Toronto at the Met Gala. Still havent subscribed to Vo...
Latest Bollywood News May 7: Priyanka Chopra and Deepika Padukone had all eyes on them as they walked the Pink carpet of Met Gala 2019.
Bollywood's fashion desginer Subhash Singh's daughter Sonali Singh has come foward in defence of rape-accused TV ac
Avengers: Endgame is the first film that Mahesh Babu watched at his own multiplex. The actor tweets his review and experience of the film. Read to find out what he said here.
Designer Manish Malhotra's modish fashion show at HT Most Stylish was graced with Kareena Kapoor Khan being the show stopper. The actress also walked the ram...
Ananya Panday is all set for the release of her debut film 'Student of the year 2' co-starring Tiger Shroff and Tara Sutaria. And the actress has been going all for the promotions of her film along with her co-stars. Also, the songs have been receiving a lot 
Kasautii Zindagii Kay 6 May 2019 Written Update of todays episode we see how Moloy is back in Basu Baadi and Tapur, Nivedita and Mohini greet him. Meanwhile, a nurse comes and frees Komolika from inside the cupboard.
Mumbai's hip-hop dance group The Kings lifted the coveted trophy at the World of Dance.
Kapil Sharma hinted at the return of Navjot Singh Sidhu in a playful segment with Archana Puran Singh on Saturdays episode of the Kapil Sharma Show.
The trailer shows Tom Holland's Spidey, Jake Gyllenhaal's Quentin Beck aka Mysterio and the looming effects of Avengers: Endgame on the MCU.
Peter Parker and his friends go on summer vacation to Europe, where Peter finds himself trying to save his friends against a villain known as Mysterio. Subs...
On Saturday, Priyanka Chopra's mother Madhu revealed that her son & his fiance Ishittaa Kumar have mutually called their wedding off. A day later she revealed a bit more, and said the wedding was canceled as her son Siddharth was not ready. That ended days o
Kareena Kapoor won the HT Indias most stylish (female) jurys choice and the actress dedicated her win to her little one Tiamur Ali Khan. Kareena Kapoor tal...
Horoscope Today, May 9, 2019: AQUARIUS, Your financial stars are looking relatively healthy, so you have little to worry about on that score. It is spiritual and metaphysical questions which are uppermost at the present moment.
Actor Swara Bhasker, one of the most vocal critics of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the BJP, was in for a surprise recently at an airport. A man who requested for a selfie with her instead recorded a short video clip in which he says "par Ma'am, aayega Mod
Actor Priyanka Chopra has revealed more details from Joe Jonas and Sophie Turners impromptu Las Vegas wedding.
Sara Ali Khan, who was last seen in Ranveer Singh starrer 'Simmba' is shooting for Imtiaz Ali's next alongside Kartik Aaryan. The actress is an avid social media user and enjoys millions of followers on social media. During the promotions of her previous film
Congress may not be able to get Donald Trump's tax returns, but somehow the New York Times did. According to tax information reviewed by the Times, between 1...
Robert Downey Jr has been the backbone of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) since it began in 2008.
Shahid Kapoor and wifey Mira Rajput started their Thursday mornings by a run to the gym and after their rigorous workout session, the two were all smiles as they smiled and waved at the paparazzi after coming out of the gym. In the pictures, while Mira Rajput
By Durga ChakravartyNew Delhi: Coming from a Bollywood background cannot stop one from having a dream, asserts actor Chunky Panday's daughter Ananya Panday whose debut film "Student of the Year 2" is set to hit the screens.Ananya says it was always h
Disha Vakani, who plays Dayaben on the show, seems to be making a comeback on Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah soon.
Rangoli Chandel earlier tagged actor Hrithik in angry tweets about mud-slinging over the clash of Kangana's Mental Hai Kya and Super 30
If sources are to be believed, actor Salman Khan may turn a 'item boy' for his upcoming movie 'Dabangg 3' which will be a recreated version of Malaika Arora's 'Munni Badnam Hui' song with a different. Reports state that the lyrics of the song will be drastica
Actor Irrfan, who resumed shooting last month for Angrezi Medium in Udaipur, after a year-long sabbatical has been recuperating slowly and steadily. The actor returned to his normal routine after battling cancer and being away from his home turf. Leaked pictu
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan finds a lookalike in Iranian model Mahalgha Jaberi. Their photos are causing a mini meltdown on Twitter.
The Tollywood's handsome hunk, man with high energy and massive talent, yes we are talking about Vijay Deverakonda! The most eligible bachelor of the South film industry turns 30 today. The Arjun Reddy star has earned a huge fan following with his stylish and
Housefull 4 Update: After Sajid Khan and actor Nana Patekar were removed amidst the #MeToo allegations, Housefull 4 has found itself surrounded by...
Mahesh Babu's 25th film Maharshi, under the direction of Vamshi Paidipally and with Pooja Hegde and Allari Naresh a
Mumbai:Actor Ayushmann Khurrana has been roped in for a gay love story "Shubh Mangal Zyada Saavdhan" -- second part of 2017 film "Shubh Mangal Saavdhan".Calling it as an "out and out entertaining film", Ayushmann says it will handle the subject of h
Rakhi Sawant is one of the few celebrities who knows how to grab eyeballs for their professional and personal life
Katrina was shown a video of the two of them training in a segment of the show, in which the guest is meant to prov
Sonam Kapoor and Anand Ahujas wedding video is here. The actor shared a short and stunning glimpse at their wedding on their one-year anniversary.
Deepika Padukone was seen almost tripping on her dress in a recent video from MET Gala 2019. Watch it here
National award-winning actress Tabu loves working with actor Ajay Devgn, and says he is one of the most bankable actors in the industry. When it comes to film front, Tabu has a long working history with Ajay. She has worked with him in movies like Vijaypath, 
Soni Razdan has called rumours of daughter Alia Bhatt and Ranbir Kapoors wedding totally baseless. The couple are currently working on their upcoming film Brahmastra in Europe.
Ulaga nayagan Kamal Haasan has achieved huge success on silver screens with Blockbuster movies and critical acclaim and had repeated
Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have named their newborn kid Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex introduced their baby boy to the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh today.
You'll need a time machine to get 100% on this...
Ryan Reynolds reflects on his evolution from playing traditional leading men in Hollywood to playing quirky characters such as Deadpool and Pikachu.
Actor Mouni Roy, who made her big screen debut with Akshay Kumar-starrer Gold, opened up about her equation with 'best boy-friend' and Brahmastra director, Ayan Mukerji.
In the age of the internet, all it takes is that one perfect picture or video which becomes viral on social media and you attain instant fame. Take this Royal Challengers Bangalore fan-girl Deepika Ghose for instance. Recently, she created quite a stir all ov
Kriti Sanon's pool pic is a throwback to the time she made her first appearance on Dabboo Ratnani's calendar. See here.
Shaheer Sheikh is currently seen playing the role of Abir in the show Yeh Rishtey Hain Pyaar Ke. The actor is in Indonesia to meet fans for his show recently and joining him is Heli Daruwala, his Daastan-E-Ishq Salim Anarkali co-star. Shaheer and Heli shared 
MUMBAI: Star Plus' popular show Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai (Directors Kut) is gaining a lot of appreciation from fans.
Vidya Balan: "How incredible that 'The Math Genius', 'The Human Computer', was a small-town Indian girl, who took the world by storm"
Arjun Kapoor has dismissed marriage rumours, saying he will let the world know whenever he ties the knot.
Sonam Kapoor married Anand Ahuja after dating him for two years
Every year MET Gala attires give us some of the best jokes and this year is no different. Now that we are done with the big event, we bring you some of the best memes shared on social media.
Currently shooting Dabangg 3 and gearing up for the release of Bharat, Salman Khan will soon begin work on Veteran remake.
Game of Thrones Season 8 has been on a controversial route from the past few weeks. Whether it be the lighting issue during the Battle of Winterfell or even the Starbucks coffee cup gaffe during the dinner celebration. Fans have been letting the makers know a
MUMBAI: One of the most loved on-screen and off-screen couples at the moment, Parth Samthaan and Erica Fernandes aka Anurag and Prerna of Star Plus' Kasauti Zindagi Kay
Kareena Kapoor picks up Taimur from play school; Varun Dhawan has his dancing shoes on (Pictures)
A few days back, `Papad Pol` actress Ami Trivedi`s name had popped up for playing the titular character.
Bigg Boss 12 contestants Rohit Suchanti and Srishty Rode have been in the news ever since they made an appearance on the show as the two were often linked together in the show and Rohit, when locked inside the house, even expressed to his co-contestants, that
Were constantly fascinated by what our zodiac sign says about our lives, whether it's which signs are most compatible or how each sign handles conflict in relationships. That's why Bustle has enlisted Mecca Woods, a New York City-based astrologer
The two gorgeous Bollywood and South Indian film actresses Tamannaah Bhatia and Kajal Aggarwal were spotted together yesterday in Mumbai. Tamannaah Bhatia stars in the Telugu Queen remake version and Kajal Aggarwal in the Tamil one. The stars met last night t
Speaking on Neha Dhupias chat show, actor Ishaan Khatter was asked a tricky question about half-brother Shahid Kapoor.
MUMBAI: The ongoing track of Kullfi Kumarr Bajewala is high on drama, as Kullfi has saved Amyras life.
A complaint was lodged with the Mumbai Police on Sunday and charges under the Indian Penal Code sections 376 (rape) and 384 (extortion) were slapped against Karan. He was produced before a magistrate's court which has remanded him to police custody till Thurs
Rumours floating out of producerSajid Nadiadwalas production house insist that the never-before casting is indeed being crystallized. Says a source in the know, If you remember, Deepika was the first choice forKick.
MUMBAI: Sapna Chaudhary, who came into limelight after participating in the reality show Bigg Boss 11, got trolled for wearing a short skirt.
The latest episode of Kumkum Bhagya begins with Abhi entering the kitchen unaware that Pragya is inside. Pragya is
Ishaan Khatter posted a funny comment on Deepika's mirror selfie of getting her hair done.
To mark the auspicious occasion of Akshaya Tritiya, Yash and Radhika took to their Instagram to share the first picture of their daughter with their Insta family.
Sandeep Vanga has written and directed Kabir Singh, a remake of his own super hit Telugu film Arjun Reddy (2017).
After the latest episode of 'Game of Thrones' aired, there was a section of direwolf lovers that did not take kindly to the fact that Ghost was not petted by Jon Snow.
After giving some major fashion goals with her wedding outfit, Isha once again grabbed eyeballs at the 2019 Met Gala, looking every bit dreamy in a lilac gown, designed by Prabal Gurung.
A latest trend of actors hosting TV and radio chat shows is on the cards. Actress Vidya Balan too hosts a radio show and recently, her guests were Bollywood beauties Rani Mukerji, Sonam Kapoor and Juhi Chawla. When the actresses were asked about their equatio
While social media was busy trolling and making memes on who wore what at the celebrity-studded Met Gala 2019 in New York...
According to sources, the four-part franchise has so far grossed a worldwide total of over Rs 350 crore
Wedding buffets often have so much to offer that most people cant stop helping themselves to that extra plate of food.  But one guest took it too far.
Film producer, interior designer and wife and Bollywood superstar Gauri Khan has worked with several celebrities including Ranbir Kapoor, Karan Johar, Siddharth Malhotra and many others. Gauri has now united with Nita Ambani and revamped their bar lounge in t
Daenerys Targaryen, who once gave birth to three dragons from eggs that no one thought would ever hatch, is, according to the show, losing her mind just like her father, Mad King Aerys. Why? Because she simply wants to be on the throne, no matter what.
A photographer managed to get hold of Brad Pitt in his Los Angeles neighbourhood, and asked him the question on everyone's minds.
Saif Ali Khan, who was last seen in Gauravv Chawla's Baazaar, is all set to make his small screen debut with actress Dipika Kakar's upcoming show. Scroll down for details.
WWE SmackDown Live Superstar, Kevin Owens recently spoke with The Wrap where he discussed his recent heel turn in WWE, to start his current feud.
AJ Styles has lost five WWE Championship matches in a row, but why?
Rumoured couple Alia Bhatt and Ranbir Kapoor are yet to officially confirm their relationship, but their PDA's keep fueling the rumour mills. Recently, Alia was snapped at the Mumbai airport with 'Brahmastra' director Ayan Mukerji. While Ayan was headed to Lo
She took to Twitter to call out series for crediting Sansa's victimisation to grow
Not everyone gets along and thats OK.
Gauri Khan, who has previously designed Ranbir Kapoor's abode among other celebrities, has united with Nita Ambani to redesign the bar lounge in Antilia. Here's what she has to say about her experience.
Deepika Padukone slayed earlier today in a chic look at Met Gala and she was looking stunning at the after party as well but her pic from there has made people ask if the actress is pregnant? Details here.
OVERVIEW: Check deadlines to make sure things are done within allowed time frames.
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West became proud parents for the fourth time on May 10 when they welcomed their newborn son into the world. Sharing the news on social media, Kim had tweeted, "Hes here and hes perfect! In another post, the reality star added that
Mother's Day 2019: Aamir Khan, Anushka Sharma, Alia Bhatt, Janhvi Kapoor and others took us back in time with their posts.
Maharshi continued to perform well on the third day of release in Telugu states.
Kangana Ranauts sister Rangoli Chandel has reacted to Richa Chadhas statement against engaging in a war of words on a public platform.
The horror comedy will be directed by debutant Hardik Mehta
Actor Shahid Kapoor is super busy with the promotions of his upcoming release 'Kabir Singh'. Recently, he shared pictures on Instagram where he can be seen wearing a striped black suit over a white t-shirt. Soon the trolls started attacking the actor as his o
Bareilly Ki Barfi actor Seema Pahwa is one of the favourite mom of Bollywood. She spoke to Hindustan Times about being a mother on and off screen and much more.
Mumbai:Actress Rakul Preet says it was fun to learn bartending while preparing for her forthcoming film "De De Pyaar De".Apart from losing 8 kgs to portray the character of Ayesha in the film, Rakul had to learn bartending as well."I attended the ba
'Bharat' is one of the most anticipated movies of the year. It stars Katrina Kaif, Tabu, Disha Patani, Sunil Grover
Amitabh Bachchan has started filming mystery thriller Chehre along with actor Emraan Hashmi. The 76-year-old actor gave a sneak peek into his look for the movie on his Twitter handle.
KGF Chapter 2 which is still in production is in news after Kannada star Yashs new look for the film leaked on the web and has been going  viral on social media websites.
Currently, Prabhas is said to be getting tutored for six hours a day, as he's practising the Hindi language every day. Apparently, he wants to dub for himself at any cost such that people
Expressing his love for 'Avengers: Endgame' co-star Robert Downey Jr, Vin Diesel penned a heartfelt tribute to the actor through an Instagram post.
What were the superpowers of the Student of the Year 2 cast, we wonder.
On the special occasion of Mothers Day, Kangana Ranauts mother, Mrs. Asha Ranaut opened up about her daughters a
Take a look at how Deepika Padukone made Rishi and Neetu Kapoor's evening special.
A few days after the news of the talented and budding actress of the Indian film industry Pooja Hegde being caught red handed by police started making rounds, the truth has now been revealed... Yes, there is no truth to the news and those were just b
Mother's Day 2019: Sara Ali Khan described Amrita Singh as the "strongest woman" and "boss lady"
Co-actors Liam Cunningham and Sophie Turner have put the blame on Emilia Clarke for bringing her cup of coffee to Winterfell sets.
If there is one celebrity-filled family that we adore in the modern era, it has to be the Jonas fam-jam. The Jonas Brothers' reunion has marked for some Insta-filled displays of affection by the trio - Nick Jonas, Joe Jonas and Kevin Jonas along with their da
Actor Soha Ali Khan shared a beautiful picture with her mother Sharmila Tagore and daughter Inaaya Naumi Kemmu on Mothers Day.
Fans have been wondering ever since they saw Avengers: Endgame, how Gamora was able to come back to life but in the same way the Avengers couldnt bring back Black Widow. Now we know why.
On the occasion of Mother's day, celebrities have been sharing some cutest moments with their mommies. Southern actors also posted adorable pictures of themselves with their mothers on social media. However, one actor who has grabbed all the attention over hi
As 'Raazi' clocked one year since release, Alia Bhatt, Vicky Kaushal, Meghna Gulzar and Karan Johar shared their happiness on being part of Sehmat's journey.
'Game of Thrones' actor Gwendoline on Jaime-Brienne's relationship: I never felt that it was purely romantic love - During an interaction, 'Game of Thrones' actors Nikolaj Coster-Waldau and Gwendoline Christie, who play the roles of Jaime Lannister and Brienn
Avengers: Endgame is shaping up to being the biggest film, most probably ever! The MCU (Marvel Cinematic Universe) film aims to defeat the lifetime collections of the most successful film to date, James Cameron's Avatar (2009) which proudly stands at $2.78 bi
Tiger Shroff, Ananya Panday and Tara Sutarias Student of the Year 2 leaked on TamilRockers soon after its release on Friday.
The gorgeous Samantha Akkineni who has been ruling Telugu and Tamil film industries with her brilliant acting skills is back from her holiday. The actress recently headed for a short holiday in Spain with husband Naga Chaitanya. After Majili, Samantha will so
Horoscope News: Aries First two days of the week you will feel negativity around you.
Roshan Taneja's cremation was held on Saturday. It was attended by Anil Kapoor, Govinda, Ratna Pathak Shah, Kanwaljit Singh and Gufi Paintal.
The Avengers: Endgame writers discuss a popular Captain America and Peggy Carter theory.
On the occasion of Mother's day, here are a few photos of famous celebrities with their mothers.
Csar Barrn was 51 years old and was taking part in the Lucha Libre show at the Roundhouse when tragedy struck
Apparently, a statement from the Palace regarding the rumoured feud between Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle "spoke volumes" according to a Royal expert.
Shahid Kapoor and Mira Rajput are indeed one of B-town's most loved couples and there is no denying that they keep giving out major couple goals time and again. Right from their pictures to all the fun we often see the two have with their kids Misha Kapoor an
Amy Jackson is excited to bring her baby into the world. The actress recently announced her pregnancy through social media and since then, the actress has been sharing the pictures of her cute baby bump on her Instagram.  	   	Now, she took to her Instagram a
Erica Fernandes celebrated her 25th birthday with 'Kasautii Zindagii Kay 2' co-star and rumoured boyfriend Parth Samthaan in Mussoorie
From demure bahus to ichhadhari naagins and sinister daayans  these hot and gorgeous women have won millions of he
Student Of The Year 2, which released on May 10, 2019 managed to earn  12.06 crores at the box office on its opening day and reportedly, the film has earned approximately  12.06-14 crores at the box office on its second day. The film casts Tiger Shroff, Ana
Shah Rukh Khan's 'Zero' was expected to score big on the box office, however, it failed to pull the audience to the
Every day comes with new challenges and there is no harm being prepared for them. So, check out the daily horoscope and astrology prediction for your respective zodiac signs to make the best of it.
In the previous episode, we see how Shraavni learns about her true form about being a self-changing serpent while her parents get shocked when they come to know about Belas truth. Later, Tamsi threatened Sumitra for trying to get Mahir married to someone els
Check out Mohsin Khan's new avatar
Katrina Kaif is indeed one of the beauty divas of B-town and the actress almost never fails to wow the fans, be it with her performances or with her looks. Even if the actress dons a basic outfit while she is on the move in the city, she manages to look effor
Excitement level - 1000!
Tahira Kashyap who was diagnosed with breast cancer in September last year has become an inspiration for many. Recently the director opened up on finding her identity and making her way.
balakrishna Balakrishna KS Ravikumar movie title, Balakrishna next movie title
Right before the Lok Sabha Elections that were held in Mumbai, there was a list of Bollywood celebrities who couldnt vote this year. Amongst them was Akshay Kumar who is a citizen of Canada. The actor has never shied away from accepting that fact and has bee
Sonam Kapoor is spending her weekend in London while Tara Sutaria was in Mumbai for a fashion event. Check out their pics here
Here's the truth behind Taimur Ali Khan's viral 'NaMo again' T-shirt
Malaika Arora slays in her all black avatar
Director of the Salman Khan starrer 'Bharat' Ali Abbas Zafar feels that no one else could have played the lead in the film better than Bollywood actor Salman Khan. Answering to a question, how Salman Khan was the right choice for 'Bharat', director Ali Abbas 
Keanu Reeves stunned Stephen Colbert with his explanation of what happens when we die.
Maharshi AP/TS Box Office Collections (5 Days): According to reports, Maharshi had a solid Day 5 at the AP-TS box office despite showing a slight drop in collections. While the exact figures are not out yet, they are likely to be pretty good as the advance bo
Anushka Sharma had a mixed year in 2018  her film, Pari, bombed but she was appreciated as a producer. Sui Dhaaga was a moderate hit while Zero bombed. But the actor says she is in no hurry.
If you're feeling intensely emotional, you're right where you need to be.
The longest running show on Indian television, Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai continued to prosper in UK ratings. It remained top as the No.1 show of the week in weekly figures published by BARB for week ending Sunday 5th May 2019. Top shows on Star Plus 1. Yeh
Tabu has a long working history with Ajay Devgn. They have worked in numerous films together such as Vijaypath, Drishyam, Thakshak, Haqeeqat and Rohit Shettys hit film Golmaal Again. Once again the actors will be reuniting on-screen in the upcoming De De Pya
In the previous episode, we see how Abhi saves Pragya from being trapped inside the kitchen, however, they couldnt meet each other. Later, Daasi sees Pragya and tells Abhi to follow her. Here, Shahana gets annoyed with Prachi as she did not call her when Pra
Sunny Leone celebrated her 38th birthday on Monday, 13th May. She spent her special with day husband Daniel Weber and their three kids Nisha, Asher and Noah. Her husband also penned an adorable message for her calling her the sexiest woman ever. He posted t
The British Academy of Film and Television Arts or BAFTA TV Awards were held last night on at the Royal Festival Hall in London and the who's who of Britain's television industry turned up for the awards. From Benedict Cumberbatch aka Doctor Strange to women 
Any good Bollywood movie deserves a second chance, right? With that being said, looks like 2019-20 is going to be a good year for Bollywood sequels! Scroll down to find out the must-watch upcoming sequels!
Farhan Akhar has shared a new Instagram picture of himself with girlfriend Shibani Dandekar. Check it out here.
Helen Sloan/HBOThe Reddit community that pulled off this Google bomb is a splinter group of the spoiler-averse main Game of Thrones groups called /r/Freefolk.Some
The first trailer for Shahid Kapoor and Kiara Advanis upcoming film, Kabir Singh, has inspired hilarious memes on social media. Check them out here.
function receiveMessage(event) { console.log(event.data.fullscreen); Android.fullscreen(event.data.fullscreen); } window.addEventListener(message, receiveMessage,
KGF, the blockbuster Kannada movie, is filming its sequel on a grand scale. Titled KGF Chapter 2, the sequel is under progress. Recently a long schedule has been wrapped up in which several Bollywood actors had participated in.
A few days before, the makers of Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif starrer film 'Bharat' revealed the third song of the
She was known for her honey-voiced singer and actress whose film dramas, musicals and innocent sex comedies made her a top star in the 1950s and 60s and among the most popular screen actresses in history
Surveen Chawla shared a black-and-white image of her girl child Eva from a photoshoot.
This TikTok famous couple posts hilarious dancing videos on the app. Their latest video of them dancing on Baazigar oo Baazigar will give Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol a run for their money.
Samantha and Naga Chaitanya are back from their holiday. The actors are chilling at home with their pet pups and it is adorable beyond words.
In an interview last year, Ranbir had said that he doesn't follow politics as it doesn't make a difference in my life. Kangana had then criticised the actor by calling his statement irresponsible.
Some time ago, Allu Arjun announced that he would be teaming up with Sukumar for a movie. According to a website, the movie was to be launched on May 11, 2019 but this did not happen as the Tollywood heartthrob took off for a vacation on the day of the Mahura
"Rohit Shetty thought that I would fit the role of the baddie in Sooryavanshi," said Abhimanyu
The whole of Tollywood is actually talking about the
In an interview with Business Insider, the director duo Joe and Anthony Russo elaborated on the phenomenon of  branched reality.
Through a new video, Disha Patani once again shows all that it takes maintain that fit body of hers.
Bollywood superstar Salman Khan's brother in law Aayush Sharma maintains safe distance from Malaika Arora at the special screening of 'Student Of The Year 2' in Mumbai. Meanwhile, The sequel to Karan Johar's '2012 film 'Student of the Year' got off to a decen
The release date of Avatar 2 has been pushed to December 17, 2021. Now, Ajay Devgn's untitled film will only be clashing with Aamir Khan's Laal Singh Chadha on Christmas 2020.
Kannada film KGF starring Yash in the lead created havoc at the box office last year. The film smashed many records and now, the makers have geared up with the shooting for KGF: Chapter 2. After impressing the audience with his power-packed performance in Cha
Bollywood celebrities like Madhuri Dixit, Sonali Bendre, Anushka Sharma, Alia Bhatt and others wished their mothers for the occasion of Mother's Day.
Student Of The Year 2, starring Ananya Panday, Tiger Shroff and Tara Sutaria has hit the screens and is off to a good start. The film has made around Rs 38 crore. It was a double celebration for the team and they partied on director Punit Malhotra's birthday.
Naagin 3 by Ekta Kapoor is one of the popular supernatural shows. However, the show will soon go off air and will be replaced by Kavach 2. Surbhi Jyoti and Pearl V Puri's show will have its last episode on May 26 and all the actors are now gearing up for the 
Actress-singer Mandy Moore's "This Is Us" has been renewed for three more seasons.NBC on Sunday announced that the network has renewed its hit...
In its first weekend, Mahesh Babu's 'Maharshi' has grossed $1.4 million at USA box-office. The film took in about $190k on Sunday and its cumulative gross has crossed $1.4 million. While the film is creating records in domestic market, the USA collections are
After collaborating for their 2015 single 'Love Yourself', Ed Sheeran and Justin Bieber have once again teamed up and released a brand new single 'I Don't Care' a few days ago. While the videos released were only audio and an official lyrics one, the two sing
Bollywood star Aditya Seal is recently in news for her rumoured affair with Anushka Rajan. The star who featured in
MUMBAI: Sara Ali Khan is one of the most stylish and loved stars in Bollywood.
After three weekends, Avengers: Endgame has emerged as the second highest grossing film of all time worldwide. The race will be extremely close, and heres how much it needs to make to become number one.
Kangana Ranaut has been planning something special for Cannes 2019. She is going to represent the country by wearing a saree made up of the forgotten weaves and rich fabrics of India.
Siddharth, who is an avid cricket follower, trolled an Ajith fan over a comment about the game. In return, Ajith's ardent fans attacked him on Twitter.
Hina Khan is taking a long break from Kasauti Zindagi Kay to pursue her movie dreams. Before heading to Cannes film festival for her upcoming film Lines, Hina Khan got a farewell from her Kasauti Zindagi Kay friends including Erica Fernandes, Parth Samthaan a
Out and about in Manhattan, Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas made the most of their weekend by going on a double date with Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas. Check out her OOTD
Actor Arjun Kapoor, who will share screen space with Sanjay Dutt for the first time in "Panipat", says the 59-year-old is very humble and his nature is
After Jennifer Wingets month long Goa vacation, this Bepannaah actress is finally back to the bay, and soon after coming back, Jennifer stepped out in the city to spend time with her friends for the perfect Sunday brunch. Thanks to social media, Jennifer Win
Becky Lynch who has been in the news of late is now garnering headlines as she has kind of confirmed that she is dating none other than WWE star Seth Rollins. On Sunday, 'The Man' was having a fun banter with fellow wrestler Beth Phoenix. And when Phoenix ask
Shah Rukh Khans daughter, Suhana, who is currently based in London for her studies, wrote a touching note on her mother, producer and interior designer Gauri Khan.
WWE Raw Results, Live Updates, Highlights & Commentary online (13th May 2019) | Live updates
Ever since Prince Archie entered the world on May 6, he has been showered with love and wishes from across the world. Joining the list of well-wishers, Mumbai's famed Dabbawalas have sent a special gift for the royal baby.
Kartik Aryan and Sara Ali Khan who will be seen sharing the screen space for Imtiaz Alis next untitled film were snapped today as the duo wrapped up their Mumbai schedule. They were spotted along with their director Imtiaz Ali outside a studio in Mumbai. Kar
WWE has many talented superstars at the WWE Performance Center and now one more name will be added to the list. DJZ used to wrestle for IMPACT Wrestling where he made a name for himself, but now he is in WWE. DJZ said goodbye to the independent circuit and an
Meghan Markle, the Duchess of Sussex, celebrated her first Mother's Day on Sunday, just six days after giving birth. On the Sussex Royal Instagram account, Prince Harry and Meghan shared a picture of baby Archie's feet to mark the occasion.
Ranbir Kapoor's mother and sister Neetu and Riddhima gifted Deepika Padukone a stunning bracelet. Deepika shared a picture on her Instagram account.
Kangana Ranaut's sister Rangoli Chandel is the latest addition to the list of open-mouthed people from the industry. After hitting hard at Hrithik Roshan...
It was recently announced that the new series of 'Star Wars' films will be made by the team behind Game of Thrones. But little did fans know that the makers will actually tease it here in season 8, episode 5.
Sameer and Naina's 'rangeela romance' by the beach in Yeh Un Dinon Ki Baat Hai
Saaho is a multilingual film and will be shot and released in Hindi, Tamil and Telugu languages.
Previewing Game of Thrones season 8 episode 6 -- the series finale! Discussing who could end up on the Iron throne, plus the idea that Daenerys is now the tr...
Horoscope, Astrology May 13, 2019 (Bhavishyavani): Acharya Indu Prakash will tell you how to make the most of your day.
WWE has booked this match at Super ShowDown, but why?
The much awaited Marvel action flick Avengers: Endgame has been released on April 26, 2019. The movie has received tremendous response from the audiences and has went on to become one of the biggest blockbuster movies. Avengers: Endgame has also broken the re
In a recent interview, Suniel Shetty opened up about his career in films and further talked about his friends and contemporaries Akshay Kumar and Ajay Devgn. Scroll down to know what he said.
Naagin 3 season 12 May 2019 Written Update of todays episode we see how Tamsi attacks Shravani and runs away. Shravani follows them. Vishaka comes to Shravani and informs that Mihir is in a critical state.
Sri Reddy has once again grabbed attention due to a shocking reason. Earlier today (May 12, 2019), she posted an emotional message for her mother and apologised to her for giving her a cruel punishment. She also hinted that her mother had faced a lot of har
HBODaenerys' title of Khaleesi was the 549th most popular name for baby girls in 2018.Game of Thrones appears to be an inspiration to new parents.Khaleesi
Janhvi Kapoor on Sunday took to her social media page to share a piece of nostalgia as she posted a childhood memory of hers with mother Sri Devi.
After a shocking vote out, Rannvijay Singh will throw a trump card and chose one contestant as his 'Joker'. The selected contestant will get on the journey along with Rannvijay and be put in a gang later in the show. The thrilling episode of MTV Roadies Real 
Mother's Day is being celebrated across the world and while we are busy pampering our own mother's, Bollywood celebs took to Instagram to share some never seen before pictures with the strongest pillars in their lives. These epic throwback pictures shared by 
Mom-to-be Amy Jackson who recently announced her engagement with beau George Panayitou turned muse for the cover photoshoot of London based Country & Town House magazine.
MUMBAI: The episode begins with Kulfi standing in the middle of the road where Sikander is also standing. He has a happy face and calls her to come and hug him.
Ahana Kumra reacts to reports that Prakash Jha made her uncomfortable during the shoot of Lipstick Under My Burkha when he dropped by while she shot an intimate scene.
Ileana D'Cruz seems to be having a major #TakeMeBack moment these days as she fondly posts a series of pictures from her recent vacation to the Fiji islands. Taking to Instagram, the 31-year-old actress shared some wanderlust worthy vacation recap which shows
Taylor Swift made her talk show return after several years with good friend Ellen DeGeneres on The Ellen Show. The singer went all out and revealed some juicy details about herself that are sure to break the Internet. Her latest song is ME! featuring Brendon 
Tabu reportedly plays Salman Khans sister in Bharat but was missing from the films trailer as well as its promotions. She finally opens up about Ali Abbas Zafar drama.
Anand Ahuja's comment reveals that he totally approves of Harshvardhan's suit and sneakers look
FreddyDaruwala celebrated his birthday on Wednesday and in attendance were Arbaaz Khan, his girlfriend Giorgia Andriani, Manish Malhotra and Sangeeta Bijlani. See pictures and video.
Ananya Panday who is the current talk of the town was snapped by the paparazzi in Mumbai. She looked super cool in her casual avatar. Ananya was seen sporting a powder blue crop tee and teamed the same with tattered white denim. Few accessories and white shoe
Showrunners David Benioff and DB Weiss have been under fire for below par script writing and poor portrayal of women in the final season of the HBO series
Tahira Kashyap has spoken about her marriage with husband Ayushmann Khurrana and said that he didnt have the time and patience to take her along and she didnt have the patience to understand.
After Fanney Khan, everyone has been waiting to know what is Aishwarya Rai Bachchan's next project. A few weeks ago, there were reports that she will be working with director Mani Ratnam again for a multi-lingual film based on the Tamil novel called Ponniyin 
Kangana Ranaut was dressed in an oversized Gucci shirt and baggy pants, also from Gucci
For a casual outing in the city, Kareena Kapoor Khan layered a bodycon dress with a printed shirt dress. Here's how you can recreate her look
In an interview, Priyanka Chopra has detailed her unpleasant experiences with racism and prejudice while studying at Massachusetts, Iowa, and New York City.
Horoscope News: Knowing what may happen in future helps you to be ready for any event.
Rakul Preet Singh says she would have liked to act in the Saina Nehwal biopic.
After 279 episodes, what is there to say about the nerd-positive sitcom that was always on?
Kiara turns towards self-pleasure is shown using a vibrator and the scene reaches the climax with Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham playing in the background
Actor Vicky Kaushal is celebrating his 31st birthday today. Here are some of his unseen short films and plays.
SS Rajamouli's Baahubali franchise was no short of a festival for Prabhas, Tamannaah Bhatia, Anushka Shetty and Rana Daggubati fans. The magnum opus was a blockbuster hit and has set huge unbreakable records at the box office. The film had grabbed a lot of at
The 'Piku' actress Deepika Padukone amped up the style quotient with her MET Gala 2019 looks. Now, the actress has revealed that her MET Gala after-party look was inspired by husband Ranveer Singh's flamboyant style. In her Instagram story, Deepika shared a h
During actor Karan Oberois bail plea hearing on Wednesday, the defence counsel alleged that the woman who made rap
A lot is being said aboutKabir Singhwhich is a remake ofArjun Reddy. While some have been upset about being remade in Bollywood, some others appreciating the energy thatShahid Kapoorhas got in the film.
Tiger and Disha were all smiles as the shutterbugs went crazy clicking them.
Dinesh Vijan who gave us films like Hindi Medium, Stree, Luka Chuppi is helming a new project called Shiddat  Journey Beyond Love. The movie features Sunny Kaushal, Radhika Madan, Diana Penty and Mohit Raina in lead roles. While Mohit and Diana are paired to
Ashi Singh, Hina Khan, Shivangi Joshi, Erica Fernandes, Surbhi Jyoti in Snapchats new baby filter
A new theory presented on YouTube by the channel name Fire and Blood, suggests that not Dany, but Bran Stark aka the three eyed raven did it. How? Read to know.
A sculpture by American artist Jeff Koons sold on Wednesday for $91.1 million at an auction organized by Christie's in New York -- a record price for a living artist.
Director Teja often branded as firebrand director has suddenly become diplomatic. Contrary to his nature, the director is not making wild comments on anyone.
But it looks like the team of Maharshi is actually making arrangements in Vijayawada, the place where PVP contested as MP, to hold a big 'thank you' event of Maharshi
Rumour mills are abuzz that the project has been dropped as producer Suresh Kannan and Amitabh Bachchan had some differences of opinion.
Within a span of 17 years of acting, Prabhas has become one of the biggest stars in South Film Industry. His latest films, 'Baahubali:The Beginning' and 'Baahubali: The Conclusion' took the star to a whole different level as the films were not only g
Seth Rollins and Becky Lynch may be the latest power couple in WWE, but before them was John Cena and Nikki Bella aka Nena. The couple were together for six years and even engaged to get married. However, due to a difference in opinions, the pair ultimately b
Boyapati Srinu took things for granted in Vinaya Vidheya Rama as he got over confident about his grip over so called commercial elements.
According to police, Kangana Ranauts sister Rangoli Chandel sent an email to Mumbai Police last month, detailing the physical torture and mental harassment by Aditya Pancholi.
It is already being hinted from the past few episodes of Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai that there is definitely going to be a clash between Naira and Kartik because of their professional commitments. Even Dadi feared the same thing because of which she was again
The Kingslayer's character arc has come to an end. Leave it that way.
If you are one of those who are looking forward to the Baba Yaga's third outing in John Wick Chapter 3: Parabellum, prepare to be disappointed as the sanskari censor has struck again with the CBFC ordering several cuts to the film. In the report available on 
Malaika Arora and Arjun Kapoor are indeed the talk of the town and one can't help but wonder what has been up with the duo. While we barely see them making outright statements about their relationship status, their public spottings and many of their gestures 
Colors is set to bolster the programming lineup by introducing two new drama shows from Balaji Telefilms stable- Kawach Mahashivratri and Bepanah Pyaarr and the second season of its flagship dance reality show Dance Deewane. In keeping with the channel
Karan Singh Grover has bagged the role to play Mr Bajaj in the second edition of the show, 'Kasautii Zindagii Kay 2
Britney Spears' Las Vegas residency might not go through after it was postponed so she could spend time with her ill father, her longtime manager told TMZ. Spears was about two-thirds of the way through rehearsals for "Britney: Domination" when she learned he
While on "Watch What Happens Live", Hilton played "Plead the Fifth" with host Andy Cohen who gave her the challenge of a trio of compliments, reports femalefirst.co.uk.
She said: "She's beyond... lame and embarrassing."
Just last year, the Hilton hotels heire
Disney has a lot of comedy sidekicks. These are the ones we wish we could forget.
While forest officers said that an enquiry had been initiated in the matter, sources said that the man in the video was a lion tracker and that he was removing the carcass from the public gaze.
Actors Vicky Kaushal and Boman Irani visited Rishi Kapoor and Neetu Kapoor in New York. See pictures.
Kiara Advani revealed on a chat show that she watched Lust Stories with her grandmother.
DisneyThor: The Dark World.Warning: Spoilers below if you have not seen Avengers: Endgame.In Endgame, Rocket (voiced by Bradley Cooper) and Thor (Chris
Deepika Padukone has again emphasised that husband Ranveer Singhs fashion sense inspires her in mysterious ways. Will the Cannes red carpet be yet another proof?
Mahesh Babu's 'Maharshi' has crossed Rs 20 mark. It has collected such whopping amount in just 6 days thanks to major revenue from multiplexes. This is third Mahesh Babu's movie to have collected more than Rs 20 Cr in Telangana state (Nizam area). The film is
Rumours are rife that Vijay Deverakondas next film with Kranthi Madhav will have a liplock sequence with this actress, which would be first of a kind sequence down south.
Speculations are rife that Priya Prakash Varrier and her Oru Adaar Love co-star Roshan Abdul Rahoof are in love. The actress has opened up about their relationship in a recent interview.
The sci-fi anthology Netflix series, 'Black Mirror,' is back with Season 5. It arrives on the streaming site on June 5.
It has been about six months and there has been reportedly no progress on the case yet. According to reports, cops
In a recent interaction when asked about coming back to The Kapil Sharma Show, Grover denied his return saying that he has no such immediate plans.
Thank you, Priyanka, for teaching us to be your kind of badass!
Kamal Haasan will return to host popular Tamil reality show 'Bigg Boss' for its third season.
It's a break time for Indian cricketer Virat Kohli and 'Zero' actress Anushka Sharma. After a memorable win at T-20
Several Bollywood actors including Sonam Kapoor, Abhishek Bachchan, Anil Kapoor and Kiara Advani wished Madhuri Dixit on her 52nd birthday.
Ashwin Saravanan has previously directed the Nayanthara-starrer Maya (2015).
On the birth of baby Archie, Prince William and Kate Middleton had earlier said, "We're absolutely thrilled - welcome to the Sleep Deprivation Society!"
Want to refresh your summer wardrobe with a floral dress? Dont forget to bookmark Ananya Pandays look while shopping
Bill Murray, Jim Jarmusch, Tilda Swinton, Adam Driver, Selena Gomez and Chloe Sevigny among others attended the premiere of The Dead Don't Die at Cannes Film Festival 2019.
The Love Aaj Kal 2 co-stars gave paps a coveted opportunity to click them together as they stepped out post pack-up.
Ismart Shankar Teaser Talk: Re-introducing Ram Pothineni In Typical Puri Jagannadh Style - Since Puri Jagannadh has taken a long gap and this is only a teaser, we give Ismart Shankar a pass even though all signs point otherwise. Take a look at the teaser belo
"I hope in time, when I look back and people look at it, they will say, 'I think he deserves an honour for the work he has done," said Saif Ali Khan
Claiming that said she is far from perfect, Maisie Williams says she had many more good days than bad days.
In her, over three-decade-long career in movies, Tabu has not only built a stellar filmography but also found  unco
Hollywood star Doris Day died on Monday at the age of 97. She will not be receiving a funeral. Day's manager made it clear stating that the late actor mentioned this in her will. No funeral, no memorial and no [grave] marker, I think it was because she was a
During the promotions of John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum, Keanu Reeves was asked, "What do you think happens when we die?", his not only answered the impossible question but also won over the internet.
The Marvel film has earned a total of Rs. 351.01 crore at the ticket windows.
In every phase of voting, actors and celebrities have encouraged people to go out and exercise their franchise. Bollywood star Farhan Akhtar today went a step further, asking the "electorate of Bhopal" to not vote for the BJP candidate, Pragya Singh Thakur, w
Abhishek Bachchan and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan's daughter Aaradha is a carbon copy of her mother, Aishwarya. Recently, she left everyone's jaw drop with her amazing dance performance.
Priyanka Chopra and husband Nick Jonas attended the Vanity Fair X Chopard after party held during the Cannes Film Festival.
South Indian film industrys adorable couple Samantha and Naga Chaitanya have always set relationship goals for their fans with their cute PDA. ChaySam has always proved that they deserve the title of 'Cute Couple' and Samanthas recent picture is a proof. Th
Director Raghava Lawrence has quit Laxmmi Bomb, the Hindi remake of his Tamil film Kanchana. He said there were multiple reasons behind his exit.
WWE has announced that Finn Balor will defend his Intercontinental title against Andrade at Super ShowDown in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia on Friday, June 7.
Hina Khan marked another appearance on Cannes red carpet in a metallic silver gown and she totally pulled off the look with complete ease
Game of Thrones is barely a day from ending an iconic decade-long run in HBO. Soon, we will be bidding adieu to iconic characters like Jon Snow, Daenerys Targaryen and Tyrion Lannister as we see them battle the game of thrones for one last time. It will be in
Malavika Mohanan has become quite popular on social media thanks to her glamorous photo shoots. She acted in Superstar Rajinikanths Petta. She is now debuting in Tollywood opposite Vijay Deverakonda. She recently hit the headlines when she slammed a troll 
And opens up about feeling less pressure with 'A Whole New World'.
"Thank you for seeing us Mukesh and Nita. We also love you." Tweeted Rishi Kapoor
Anil Kapoor has completed 35 years of marriage with wife Sunita. The actor talked about choosing between career and love.
Daenerys Targaryen went totally bananas in the last episode and used Drogon to basically carpet-bomb King's Landing. The others are going to move against her. But how?
In this special episode of TV Newsance, we go looking for the dreaded Khan Market Gang. To watch this and many more videos, click on http://www.newslaundry.com/
Arnold Schwarzenegger, 71, was chatting with fans at the Arnold Classic Africa, an event showcasing body-building and other sports, in Johannesburg when he was kicked from behind.
In a video doing the rounds on social media, Taimur Ali Khan's nanny, Savitri is seen walking behind Mira Rajput and Shahid Kapoor. Netizens are wondering is it her or her lookalike
Ardent fan of AR Rahman inscribed his name on his car number plate and got a reply from the Oscar man himself.
Get From Sonam Kapoor to Kiara Advani and from Katrina Kaif to Rakul Preet Singh, these B-town ladies left us a little to like with their outfits. Even Shilpa Shetty got the memo wrong. Check out how.. Read now on BollywoodLife.com
After a dull start on Friday, De De Pyaar De, starring Ajay Devgn, Rakul Preet and Tabu, picked up ion Saturday.
Anil Ravipudi's Promise to Mahesh Babu for His Next - Putting forth the expectations and the pressure that the director has got from the people who warned him to be careful to one after this huge success with Mahesh Babu
Get Fans thronged to vote for the Eric Fernandes-Sidharth Malhotra pairing as the actor topped the poll with 55 per cent of votes. The other B-town studs in the list were Kartik Aaryan, Aditya Roy Kapur and Tiger Shroff. Check it out here.. Read now on Bollyw
At Cannes Film Festival, Anupama Chopra talks to Deepika Padukone about her red carpet style, and why she doesnt bring Ranveer Singh there.
Get While celebrities are always on their best behaviour, our pap friends capture some very awkward yet funny pictures of the Bollywood actors and actresses time and again. Salman Khan, Katrina Kaif, Ranbir Kapoor and Alia Bhatt make it to the list this week.
Tara Sutaria made her Bollywood debut this year with Student of The Year 2. The film also stars Tiger Shroff and Ananya Panday in the lead roles. Tara's next film will be Marjaavaan in which she stars alongside Sidharth Malhotra. The actors are currently shoo
Horoscope News: Its the best day of the week, so how will Sunday turn out for you? We have the answer Aries Today, the moon is not very positive, there are chances t.
For years now, Cannes has been one of the biggest red carpet events of the year. The event is held at the ultra luxurious and glamorous Palais des Festival at the French Riviera. From Hollywood to Bollywood, celebrities from all around the world grace the re
Sonam K Ahuja is indeed one of B-Town's favourite fashionista and while she kickstarted what can be called a movement of sorts, there are many who are making sure to take that forward. Sonam is the perfect mix of class and elegance, and her outfits have diva 
Avengers: Endgame is pushing towards the $800 million mark at the domestic box office and will pass the domestical total gross for Avatar this weekend.
Knowing what the upcoming week looks like can prepare you for the future. Check out the weekly astrology prediction for your zodiac sign below.
'ABCD', starring Allu Sirish, got a huge thumbs-down from critics when it released on Friday. Directed by Sanjeev Reddy, a newcomer, it has also been compared to the original (starring Dulquer Salman). Despite not so great reviews, the youthful drama has gros
If Game of Thrones on TV has let you down, head down to your local bookstore and read the source material for yourself.
After making strikingly impressive appearances at this year's Cannes Film Festival, Deepika Padukone checked out of the French Riviera on Saturday
This years Worldwide Developers Conference is going to be a jam-packed event. Apple is largely expected to debut a slew of major changes to iOS, macOS,
Game of Thrones' cast members managed to pilfer sundry souvenirs from the show's set after wrapping up filming the final season. The cast members of the show told the People magazine what they stole from the set.
It is one of the biggest fashion and film events of the year and the fashion enthusiasts in us have not calmed down ever since it has started. The Cannes Film Festival sees who's who of the film fraternity from across the globe. From Hollywood to Bollywood, c
Kapil Sharma has got his name on the World Book of Records London as the most viewed comedian in India and abroad.
Taimur Ali Khan is undoubtedly the most popular star kid as the adorable kid is loved by masses. His pictures and videos always break the internet and paparazzi never fail to click him when he steps out in the city with his nanny or parents. And now his mater
A person becomes a celebrity only when he has a crazy brigade of fans. It's the same fans who raise a celebrity's status and make him a star, and their love for their favourite celeb knows no bounds. Recently, Bollywood's current heartthrob Kartik Aaryan was 
Today, Alia took to her Instagram handle to share a picture of a clapboard as she kick-starts shooting for the film
Youth Blooming on Kiara Advani Like Never Before - Kiara's killer look is going to steal the hearts of the youngsters, without a doubt.
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West have decided on the name for their new baby. Their son will be called Psalm West.
If the picture is anything to go by, it looks like the shooting of Aankhon ki Ghustakhiya song from HDDCS and the
Katrina Kaif, who is extremely active on Instagram, has never liked or commented on any of Salman Khan's posts.
Recently, Karan Johar took to his social media handles to update his followers with the total box-office collection
The filmmakers were all set to release another dialogue which shows the other side of the story.
Mr Local Movie Leaked: After Maharshi, Avengers Endgame, 100, Tamilrockers have finally leaked yet another Tamil film Mr Local and made it available to Download in HD.
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are celebrating their first wedding anniversary with baby Archie. The royal couple has had quite a year, from being newly-weds they became new parents in one year.
In a recent behind-the-scenes picture from the sets of Avengers Endgame, we can see all the female superheroes gathered in one shot.
Nordstrom announced that it was pulling the turban from its website and stores, and apologised to those who were offended.
In September 2018, Tanushree Dutta accused Nana Patekar of harassing her on the sets of their 2008 film Horn Ok Pleassss.
Grumpy Cat, the Internet's most popular cat and one of its first viral memes, has died at age seven, her family announced on Friday. The furry sensation's family announced her death on Twitter, saying: "We are unimaginably heartbroken to announce the loss of 
Last year, in May 2018, Bollywood was buzzing with wedding bells of Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Anand Ahuja. And amidst all of it, everyone got another pleasant surprise when one of the famous celebrities, Neha Dhupia and Angad Bedi tied the knot in a sec
For years together, the Cannes Film Festival has been one of the biggest red carpet events ever. The grand event is held at the French Riviera to celebrate films of all genres from every country. Everybody from the Hollywood and Bollywood industry graces the 
While the gorgeous Disha Patani can carry all her looks with extreme perfection, we absolutely love it when she basks in the sun looking as gorgeous as ever.
Yeh Un Dinon Ki Baat Hai's Sameer aka Randeep Rai's best emotional and happy moments
Deepika Padukone has had enough of Cannes dose, seems like, as she now wants to get back to her upcoming film Chhapaak and her husband, Ranveer Singh
As per reports in a tabloid, Erica Fernandes will soon be leaving Ekta Kapoor's hit show Kasautii Zindagii Kay, in which she plays the lead Prerna Sharma.
Actor Deepika Padukone walked the red carpet again at the 72nd Cannes Film Festival. She stunned in a ruffled lime green gown paired with a pink headband and bow.
Shriya Saran, who has donned a pink bikini and a top, is seen crazily dancing in the video, which has now gone viral.
Ashley Massaro was part of the organisation between 2005 and 2008 and her demise comes just two months after the wrestler hinted that she could possibly return to the WWE arena.
Kangana Ranaut made a sizzling appearance in an ivory coloured outfit on day two at Cannes Film Festival 2019. The
Get Huma Qureshi will be a part of the festival for a second time. she will be a part of the discussion at the India Pavilion on May 18 and walk the red carpet on May 19 for a film screening.. Read now on BollywoodLife.com
John Wick: Parabellum one ups its predecessors with a thrilling ride fuelled by plenty of blood and gore
The trailer of Kabir Singh was launched in Mumbai recently by the star Shahid Kapoor and was also attended by the leading lady Kiara Advani. But, guess what? The film has two females stars, the second one being Nikita Dutta. However, she wasn't present at the
Bollywood actress Deepika Padukone made several hearts skip a beat with her amazing appearance at the red carpet of the 72nd Cannes Film Festival. After making the fans awestruck with her four different looks for Day of Cannes 2019, the Padmaavat actress sh
Stepping out in her fifth look of the day, Deepika Padukoneopted for a voluminous gown by Giambattista Valli in a vivid neon hue
Telugu film actor Rallapalli Narasimha Rao (73) passed away today late evening.
The Cannes Film Festival has kickstarted amidst major glitz, glamour and fan frenzy. All the big wheels from the International circuit have been gracing the eminent event. From Selena Gomez to Bella Hadid to Elle Fanning and Amber Heard to name a few are cele
Luv Ranjans modern relationship drama has a May-December romance walking into a wrecking ball  when the rich 50-year-old Londoner Ashish Mehra (Ajay Devgn) decides to introduce his twenty-something PYT lover Ayesha Khurana.
The Big Bang Theory's central stars took to social media to pay tribute to their time together and shared some sweet memories.
Actor Vivek Anand Oberoi, who has been a vocal supporter of PM Narendra Modi, explains why Rahul Gandhi and BJP supporters should be watching his film PM Narendra Modi. The film, which revolves around the Prime Minister's life story, was stopped just a night 
Rajinikanth's Darbar, directed by AR Murugadoss, went on the floors in April. Thalaiva shot an action sequence opposite Prateik Babbar who is playing
Siddhant will be lending his voice to the character of Chris Hemsworth and Sanya will voice for Tessa Thompson's role."This cult franchise is a global phenomenon and has set a benchmark for sci-fi comedy films. I have been a fan of the films since childhood a
Cannes 2019: Aishwarya Rai Bachchan walked the red carpet twice this year
Starring Sonam Kapoor and Dulquer Salmaan in the lead roles, The Zoya Factor is based on novelist Anuja Chauhan's book of the same name.
Salman Khan follows only eight people on Instagram, and Katrina Kaif is not one of them.
The popular singer recently became the first in the world to launch her own fashion luxury line backed by LVMH, the owner of brands like Louis Vuitton. Rihanna already has major lines including Fenty Beauty and the lingerie line. Recently, the songstress reve
Professor Hulk! The female Avengers team-up! Pepper as Rescue! Giant Man! And more!
Bollywood actress Disha Patani is making summer hotter with her easy breezy style. While she is making heads turn with her performances in films, the diva is fashion forward too and is one of the favourites of the fashion police. Disha always manages to hog t
Emilia Clarke says she was a nervous wreck ahead of shooting the scene and spent innumerable hours practising her lines.
Thala Ajith had scored a massive blockbuster earlier this year with the mass entertainer Viswasam directed by Siva, marking their fourth collaboration after Veeram, Vedhalam and Vivegam
Going for a vacay with your loved one gives a person the relaxation they need. For television stars, finding time for their loved ones is a rarity. However, whenever they can manage, they try to head out for a vacation. Speaking of this, Hina Khan is on a rol
Sonam Kapoor has shared new videos from Cannes Film Festival where she ha already made two appearances at the red carpet this year. Watch them here.
Ranveer Singh took to his Instagram page and shared a cute photo of wife and actor Deepika Padukone wherein he used Snapchat's 'baby filter' on her.
Gursimran Khamba announced his new venture within hours of AIBconfirming his exit. He also wrote why he decided to withdraw from sexual harassment inquiry against him.
Dimple Kapadia has landed a role in Christopher Nolans next film titled Tenet. The film will be an action-espionage drama.
Satyameva Jayate starring John Abraham thrilled the audiences on Independence Day and now nine months post its release, the film is all geared up for a sequel, thats right! Besides of course, John Abraham at the epicentre of this film, the change is going to
Horoscope News: How is the day looking ahead for you? Here is what the stars foretell
Arjun Kapoor's 'India's Most Wanted' has been the talk of the town. The film's trailer garnered a lot of appreciati
Disney's remake of their animated classic doesn't exactly take viewers to a whole new world.
The Telugu audience may be slowly forgetting Rakul Preet Singh, but she is steadily gaining a foothold in Bollywood. The star actress, who is struggling to make a splash in Tollywood, is now billed to become a toast in the Hindi film industry. The hype around
INSIDER parses through mysteries left lingering after the credits rolled on the last-ever episode of HBO's drama series.
Superstar Mahesh Babus Maharshi has become all-time fourth highest grosser in Nizam region after Baahubali 2, Baahubali The Beginning and Rangasthalam. The film is still doing decent business here. While it has completely slowed down in all other are
INSIDER rounds up the most likely Marvel movies we'll see in Phase 4 of the Marvel Cinematic Universe and when we expect them.
Bhojpuri stunner Monalisa successfully made her transition from Bhojpuri movies to TV. The actress is an avid social media user and makes sure to share regular posts on Instagram to delight her fans. Monalisa recently took to her social media handle to share 
Tom Holland once joked about having a crush on "Spider-Man" co-star Zendaya, and fans freaked out.
Alia Bhatt's BFF Akansha Ranjan Kapoor is all set to make her debut in the entertainment industry with her first ever music video, 'Tere Do Naina.' Interestingly, she has been paired opposite actor Aparshakti Khurana in the video who has portrayed some amazin
Ever since Disha Patani made her debut opposite Sushant Singh Rajput in M.S. Dhoni: The Untold Story, she has been one of audiences favourite. Her career flourished with Baaghi 2 when the talented beauty left everyone in awe not only with her acting skills, 
Social media is a funny place to be at, and with every day, there keeps coming in some fun element here and there. With so much trolling and bashing that keeps happening, it does also give fans an insight into so many other things about their favourite Bollyw
The episode featured a prom playlist spun entirely from old vinyl. It contained some retro bangers, so we rounded 'em up.
Did you spot it?
'Bigg Boss 13' is still some months away, but the buzz around the changes one would get to see in the new season is
The rumour that Salman Khan will play a guest role in Prabhas's 'Saaho' is doing rounds. It has been widely reported, even by sections of national media, that the Bollywood superstar has been approached for a cameo in the much-awaited Independence Day release
Bollywood actor Imran Khan and Avantika Malik are reportedly headed for a divorce after marriage of 8 years.
No doubt, Bollywood actress Anushka Sharma and Indian cricket player Virat Kohli make for a lovely couple. The coup
In his recently submitted court documents, 'Pirates of the Caribbean' actor Johnny Depp has revealed a bizarre reason that led him to file a divorce from his wife, Amber Heard
The stars were aligned for Brad Pitt and Leonardo DiCaprio to put their dashing good looks to use on big-budget films, but both Hollywood golden boys have instead taken on more idiosyncratic career paths.
Several Bollywood actors including Ranveer Singh, Aamir Khan, Malaika Arora, Arjun Kapoor, Kartik Aaryan, Sara Ali Khan, Tiger Shroff and Disha Patani were spotted in Mumbai recently.
Kareena Kapoor, at a recent interaction with dietician Rujuta Diwekar, revealed that she is paranoid about what her son Taimur eats and how he is not allowed to eat at birthday parties.
After making a spectacular debut at the Cannes red carpet, Bollywood diva Diana Penty bids adieu to the French Riviera in style. The 33-year-old actor was at her fashionable best for her last outing at the prestigious event. Dressed in a metallic grey outfit 
"My kids were very young. It was out of choice that I wanted to be at home with my family and children," said Karisma Kapoor
The first trailer of film PM Narendra Modi was earlier removed from YouTube and Google after Election Commission's order. However, the makers have uploaded it again along with a new trailer.
One can't take their eyes off from Priyanka Chopra and her beau Nick Jonas when they appear together. The couple se
Kapil Sharma and Ginni Chatrath, just 5 months after their marriage, are reportedly going to become parents. Kapil and Ginni got married on December 12, 2018, in a Gurudwara wedding.
It has been a little over two weeks since the newest member of the royal family arrived and parents Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have been enjoying parenthood to the fullest. Baby Archie has been surrounded by his loving family including Meghan Markle's mo
Mallika Sherawat's Cannes wardrobe is in the spotlight again, this time because she repeated a blue lace gown which was first spotted on her in 2014. The actress is now facing ridicule online.
Director Raj Kumar Gupta reveals what excited him to make a movie on a group of unsung heroes from Indias Intelligence Bureau.
Vijay Deverakonda who is currently shooting for a romantic drama in the direction of Kranthi Madhav of 'Malli Malli Idi Rani Roju' fame, will be heading to Paris for a month. The entire unit of this movie is going to Paris to film major chunk of it. This will
Horoscope Today, May 22, 2019: Scorpio-You have triumphed over so many apparently insurmountable obstacles in the past that you have little concern about present difficulties, which are trivial by comparison.
Alharthi became the first Arabic author to claim the Man Booker International Prize.
MUMBAI: The ongoing track of YehRishta Kya Kehlata Hai is high on drama.
As Shah Rukh Khans daughter Suhana Khan turned 19, besties Ananya Panday and Shanaya Kapoor wished her with an unseen throwback pic.
James Dator, a writer with SBNation, has shared a story on Twitter that will melt the hearts of Keanu Reeves' fans all around the world.
Asha Negi became popular in every household because of her character Purvi in Ekta Kapoor's TV show Pavitra Rishta. The audience loved her chemistry with Rithvik Dhanjani who played the role of Arjun in the show. Asha and Rithvik also started dating while the
After the success of Maharshi, Mahesh Babu has jetted off to an undisclosed location with his wife Namrata Shirodkar and kids, Gautham and Sitara.
Kajal Aggarwal says her upcoming film Sita is a take on interpersonal relationships and it has a message for personal development.
Warning: If you haven't watched the Game of Thrones finale episode (are you even a fan?), we'd suggest you don't sneak around this story. It has some spoilers. Having said that, it has been a couple of days since the Game of Thrones finale premiered. Ever sin
Soni Razdan is a proud mother of Alia Bhatt and the former is happy with her success and choice of films. The mother-daughter duo even worked together last year in Meghna Gulzar's Raazi. The film was one of the best films of 2018 and everyone loved Soni and A
Tahira Kashyap, wife of actor Ayushmann Khurrana, has said that during her cancer treatment she wasnt ready to go bald, but she eventually did and, in the process, redefined notions of beauty.
There is much buzz that Varun Dhawan and Natasha Dalal will have a big Goa wedding in December this year.
MUMBAI: A sessions court has held it disbelieved the story of a 34-year-old complainant who has accused singer acto
John Wick will be back in exactly two years.

Keanu Reeves hit franchise is getting a ...
The "Game of Thrones" series finale showed Daenerys Targaryen's last living dragon melting down the Iron Throne and carrying his mother away.
A woman shared a photo from someone's wedding to critique one guest's outfit that she deemed too revealing.
The tweet, which compared Aishwaryas previous relationships and current marriage with the election polls, was deemed sexist and insensitive.
The poster also had a release date on it and the look has been on viral mode all over the internet. In the midst of fans reactions, Anushka Shetty too couldnt stay calm and expressed her views on her Instagram
Get Mallika Sherawat is one of the frequent ones at the prestigious Cannes Film Festival. She opted for Tony Ward couture this which has left us cringing big time.. Read now on BollywoodLife.com
Hina Khan recently thanked Priyanka Chopra, in a heartfelt note, for making her feel welcomed at Cannes 2019. And now, Priyanka Chopra has replied to her heartfelt note with heartwarming words.
Kareena Kapoor's diet includes all things seasonal and natural like mango, jamun, karwand, dahi rice, papad, jowar, nachni bhakri, fresh sabzis cooked in traditional style. Read here to know more secrets and weight loss tips.
Recently, Modi trekked to the holy site of Kedarnath on 18 May for an 18 hour long solitary meditation session in a small cave
In 2016, Sona Mohapatra was trolled for criticising Salman Khan
Elle Fanning looked breathtaking as she led the star arrivals at the The Specials premiere during the Cannes Film Festival on Saturday - ahead of the festiva...
'Pyaar Kiya To Darna Kya. Happy birthday KJo'- This caption was accompanied by a cuddly picture of international designer Prabal Gurung with filmmaker Karan Johar, which, the former shared on his Instagram account. Ever since then, social media has been sent 
PRINCE William was always supportive of his mother Princess Diana growing up, but finally gave her the silent treatment when she went too far, according to a documentary.
Disha Patani who is also currently busy with the interview sessions for her upcoming big release 'Bharat' alongside
Sunny Deol, filmmakers Mahesh Bhatt and Prakash Jha also visited Ajay Devgn's residence to pay their condolences. Funeral is at 6pm today.
While Prince Harry and Meghan Markle consider names of potential godmother and godfather for baby Archie, a number of their close friends have been visiting them.
The couple tied the knot in December
Man serves food to 1000 people in Hyderabad Gowtham Kumar founded the NGO in 2014
BRITAINS GOT TALENT will be crowning one act the winner of the series on Sunday night and ahead of the final, tonights semi-final live shows kick off. But it isnt looking goof for Golden Buzzer Act Flakefleet Primary School.
Bengaluru and Gurugram are among the top 5 preferred destinations in Asia Pacific to set up offices by technology companies because of better business conditions as well as availability of engineers and real estate for growth, according to a report by propert
Avengers: Endgame has been the fastest film to reach the $500 million, $1 billion, $1.5 billion, $2 billion and $2.5 billion globally
Patent reveals several improvements to the Type Cover
Among the three films that released together on May 24, Disney's live-action remake of this Arabian Nights story has clearly emerged the winner in the box office battle.
One of the finest performers in the Telugu film industry, Mahesh Babu has won hearts once again with his recently released film Maharshi. The film opened to a great start and is earning massive at the Box Office. After Bharat Ane Nenu, Mahesh Babu has set ano
Now their watch has ended, too.
Its been a busy couple of months for Bytedance, one of the worlds most valuable startups and the operator of globally popular video app TikTok. The Beijing-based company has continued to grow its list of apps to include the likes of work collaboration tool 
Ayushmann Khurrana plays a cop in Article 15 that is directed by Anubhav Sinha, check out the first poster here.
Right after her fashionable moments from the Cannes red carpet, Sonam Kapoor has moved on to celebrating  a very special occasion with father Anil Kapoor, husband Anand Ahuja and other family members.
The long wait of the makers of Sye Raa has finally come to an end as they finally found a buyer from Bollywood.
Ranveer Singh's next Jayeshbhai Jordaar is being called a "humorous entertainer." The film will begin production in October this year. Ranveer is currently filming Kabir Khan's '83. It is set for an April 10, 2020 release.
'Aladdin', a musical-adventure directed by Guy Ritchie, stars Will Smith, Mena Massoud and Naomi Scott.With an international gross of $121 million, "Aladdin" has already earned over $207 million globally
Hansika Motwani and Silambarasan aka Simbus relationship was one of the most talked about events in the South Indian film industry. In 2013, the two were head over heels in love and flaunted their relationship publicly. However, a few months after their rela
Bong Joon-hos social satire 'Parasite' made history Saturday by becoming the first Korean film to win the Palme dOr, the top award at the Cannes Film Festival.
Almost all the superstars have changed their brand at least once since the 2016 Draft but, there are a few exceptions to this list
Game of Thrones star Emilia Clarke has revealed to Entertainment Weekly that she turned down the role of Anastasia Steele in the Fifty Shades of Grey movies as she feels pigeonholed for life due to her nude scenes as Daenerys Targaryen in HBOs fantasy seri
The two Creed movies have made almost $400 million at the worldwide box office, along with huge critical acclaim, amassing their own die-hard fan-bases.
Wherever the stars go, the paps follow! Celebrities are often snapped by the shutterbugs at airports and this time around it is Bollywood's timeless beauty Kajol along with daughter Nysa Devgn. The mother-daughter duo was papped at the Mumbai airport as they 
Black Mirror fans will receive a treat in the form of miniature episodes Netflix plans to release on its Latin America YouTube channel starting today, May 26. The mini-series will feature very shor
Kajal Aggarwal is taking up a new fitness challenge to go through a tremendous body transformation. The actress took to Instagram to announce about her new resolution.
The Kapoors have zeroed down the perfect family holiday spot. Shahid Kapoor along with his wife Mira Rajput and their kids Misha and Zain are in Thailand for a sunny, beach vacay. Check out the photos here.
Bollywood filmmaker Karan Johar celebrated his 47th birthday on May 25 with wishes pouring in from all over social media. However, one such social media post from Nepalese-American designer Prabal Gurung, wishing KJo, has left the internet wondering if the tw
Ever since Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif have started promoting Ali Abbas Zafars Bharat, never has an interview gone by wherein Salman Khan has not taken a sly dig at Priyanka Chopra for leaving the film to marry Nick Jonas. While sometimes he is seen saying 
The new clip from Godzilla: King of Monsters teases a titanic duel between Godzilla and King Ghidorah, the three headed dragon, who is the ultimate nemesis of Godzilla (at least until he meets King Kong). In India, the movie will release on May 31.
Victory Venkatesh along with Naga Chaitanya has commenced shooting for the next schedule of their forthcoming flick titled Venky Mama. The shooting for the much talked about film went on floors earlier this year on the banks of river Godavari. Now, the team
After getting into a turmoil of conflict with Hrithik Roshan, Richa Chadha, Vivek Oberoi recently, Kangana's sister
Trisha recently had an online interaction with her fans on Instagram. While answering a fan's question about her relationship status, the actress came up with a cryptic reply.
After bringing Rs. 2.10 crores on Friday, all eyes were on how Indias Most Wanted sees some jumps on Saturday and Sunday. There were increase in footfalls on Saturday as Rs. 3.03 crores came in. While there is an improvement of around 45%, it has to be seen 
Its creators insist its definitely not in poor taste
After the super success of Geetha Govindam at the box office, we hear that Rashmika has reportedly put her rate card
It means that now, Deepfakes could even be created with still images instead of videos and that opens up a world of problems.
MUMBAI: Veteran actor Anupam Kher credits his flourishing career in Bollywood to filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt, who directed him in the 1984 acclaimed film Saaransh.
Deepika Padukone stunned people with her appearance in neon green ruffled gown on the second day of 2019 Cannes Film Festival.
Suriya and Selvaraghavan's upcoming film, NGK is one of the much-awaited films of the month. Starring Rakul Preet and Sai Pallavi in the female leads, NGK is made in a lavish budget. The film has music by Yuvan Shankar Raja. The trailer of the film was releas
Nick Jonas was asked which team would he be supporting at the Cricket World Cup 2019, and the singer-actor said that even though he doesn't follow the sport, he'd be rooting for India.
James Gunn produced Brightburn is an effective horror film that subverts the superhero genre better than some dark and gritty reboots
Sonam Kapoor has the perfect taste for fashion and she does manage to make all the right choices every single time. And guess who accompanies her in doing so? It is none other than her sister and stylist Rhea Kapoor. Every single time the two come together, t
R-Truth delivers an epic remix of "Old Town Road" by Lil Nas X and Billy Ray Cyrus to speak on his reign as 24/7 Champion.
The "Catch-22" star discussed the downsides of life in the public eye on The Hollywood Reporter's "Awards Chatter" podcast.
Mel B, Emma Bunton, Geri Halliwell, and Melanie C began their Spice World tour in Dublin, Ireland and fans said the performance had technical difficulties.
None
Thankfully, we've learned that the eighth and final season of Game of Thrones will not be the last we see of Westeros.
With 11 days of parties, premieres, and photo calls, fashion takes center stage at the worlds biggest film festival.
Kasautii Zindagii Kay actress Hina Khan is giving us major fashion goals in her Switzerland trip. Hina posted a series of pictures where she is seen posing on the streets sporting an uber chic look. She wore a pink, black and white print one-shoulder jumpsuit
