Priyanka Sharmas plea was mentioned before the bench for an urgent hearing on Monday. The court had agreed to hear it on Tuesday.
Vietnam says it will mobilise its military and police forces to help combat the outbreak of African swine fever.
News News: BSP chief Mayawati on Tuesday said that people across India know that Modi government's boat is sinking as even the RSS has stopped supporting them. S
Stalin, also Tamil Nadu Leader of Opposition, said K Chandrasekara Rao had not visited the state for forging alliances
Congress leader Priyanka Gandhi Vadra, who was campaigning in Madhya Pradesh on Monday, stopped her convoy while driving from the airport to greet supporters of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, taking them by surprise.
On Monday afternoon, mobs unleashed sustained violence on a group of villages in Kurunegala district in the islands North Western Province, damaging several mosques in the area.
Zarif and Swaraj are also likely to discuss the future of the Chabahar port project because the Trump administration has assured that exemption on Chabahar will continue.
The Congress government in Rajasthan has decided to change the biography of freedom fighter Veer Sarvarkar in the history textbooks of the state curriculum.
US president Donald Trump said on Monday he would meet Chinese President Xi Jinping next month as the trade war between the worlds two largest economies intensified, sending shivers through global markets.
By Ravi Joshi Speculation is rife in the American media that the US is getting set for another war in the Middle East and this time the target is the much reviled evil country ...
Changing Attitudes towards Disability in India with a Special Focus on Disability related News.
Sunita (name changed), who was allegedly raped by 16 men in last 5 years and is being treated for her burns after she tried to immolate herself, wishe
News News: BHUBANESWAR: A week after Prime Minister Narendra Modi profusely praised Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik for handling the situation before and af.
The rates of skin cancer are higher in the Channel Islands than in the UK.
As part of skin cancer awareness month we've been speaking to an islander impacted by the disease twice who now urges others to be more cautious in the sun.
She's fair. He's dark. So Bareilly wife sets husband on fire.
JeM threatens to blow up 5 Firozpur railway stations
Semi-naked body with smashed face found in Mohali
Delhi: School students steal bikes for fun, held
Bihar: Scribe's son murdered, eyes gouged out, 5 detained
Summer assault! Delhi again in big water crisis
20 aftershocks recorded after 6.8 magnitude earthquake hit Indonesia
Earthquake measuring 4.7 hits Nicobar Islands
Scorched Delhi to witness light rain
Deadly clash. EVM smashed. Violence and tragedy mar Andhra's elections
J&K: Police issue alert on Fidayeen attack, say car ladden with IED may be used
Telangana: 10 killed in Narayanpet after being buried under mound of mud
Delhi: Angry neighbour kills man with axe after quarrel over pet dog
After the storm: Odisha village picks up pieces after Cyclone Fani
Police constable's wife raped in Rajasthan
Patna police seize huge amount of liquor from train
Three killed as wall collapses in Jodhpur
Karnataka: House collapses in Dharwad, 3 dead
Tar balls on Goa beaches may harm human beings: Study
Patna-bound train runs over cattle, stranded for 3 hrs in UP
An Ice Cafe in Ladakh That Serves Maggi & Masala Tea? 3 Village Lads Have Built It!
Bengaluru Auto Driver Takes Pregnant Lady to Hospital, Looks After Newborn for 18 Days!
Meet The Uttarakhand Duo Behind One of India's Largest Aquaponic Farms
Meghalaya Villager Uses YouTube to Make Biodegradable Plates, Starts Own Business!
This 26-year-old is cleaning up Andamans, one beach at a time
IRS officer, wife run 21km in Rajasthan to raise awareness on way to vote
800kg of floral waste to be turned into incense sticks, compost daily
How 12 buoys along Cyclone Fani's path helped saved millions of lives
Tamil Nadu to get new high-yielding sugarcane variety soon
They make garbage bags from banned flex material in Bengaluru
Villagers strive to revive dying Nalluralli Lake near Whitefield
Bengaluru couple, villagers join hands to restore 11th century Shivamogga temple
Ferozepur: Collective initiative helps transform border school for better
After Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh becomes second Open Defecation Free state in India
Good News: How locals joined hands to rid Mumbai's Versova beach of 53 lakh kg waste

