Mexico's president said he would not be drawn into confrontation and the threats were down to politics..
The Chicago Police Department had suffered an affront. The city's senior officer stood before the cameras, blasting a senseless act..
In Australia’s Top End, you will find the country’s largest national park: Kakadu National Park. Covering almost 20,000 square kilometers (about half the size of Switzerland) and with terrain encompassing wetlands, rivers and sandstone escarpments, it’s home ….
At a historic market commissioned by Queen Victoria in Pakistan's southern metropolis of Karachi, third-generation spice seller Mohammad Shakeel Abbasi complains that a move to clear illegal encroachments has left poor shopkeepers jobless..
From HelloFresh, Duolingo, McDonald's and other big names, here's a tally of this year's finest -- or, at least, most obvious -- April 1 2019 jokes..
An American tourist and a Ugandan driver were kidnapped by armed men Queen Elizabeth National Park in southwest Uganda on Wednesday, the Ugandan Tourism Board and Ugandan police force have said. The State Department has not confirmed the tourist's identity, b….
A new campaign in Santorini, Greece is asking tourists to think twice before riding donkeys. The donkeys have traditionally been a popular way for the 17,000 people who arrive off cruise ships into Fira port each day to get up the 600-step cliffside. However,….
The settlement called Edinburgh of the Seven Seas sits on the island of Tristan da Cunha and has been dubbed the remotest settlement in the world. It's one of the British Overseas Territories. Only accessible by boat — many of which depart from the nearest ci….
The northernmost town in the world, Longyearbyen, is located in the Norwegian archipelago of Svalbard, just 650 miles from the North Pole. The Arctic town is home to the Global Seed Vault, often called the " doomsday seed vault ": a structure that stores dupl….
Kevin Kollman and his partner, Merle Malterer, were told to remove a gay pride American flag from the patio of their unit at Country Oaks Apartments in Oak Creek, Wisconsin, last week. They said they received an eviction notice over the flag on Wednesday that….
Icelandic ultra-low-cost carrier Wow Air ceased operations on Thursday. Reykjavik-based Wow Air suffered through a challenging 2018 which culminated with the airline slashing 111 jobs and cutting its fleet size by half. Wow Air is at least the fifth European ….
Color allows people to explore new personal options and business opportunities, says this contributor, who's done more than 3,000 'color assessments' of businesspeople over the past decade..
Fund manager reaps winning bet on infra and property stocks Manila Bulletin It's a bet on infrastructure and property stocks that has helped propel a Philippine fund to the top. And signs that President Rodrigo Duterte's public-works....
Arrest in rappers' murder - World News Castanet.net Police on Tuesday arrested a man they say fatally shot rapper Nipsey Hussle and evaded authorities for two days..
Rolling Stones tour halted - World News Castanet.net Rolling Stones postpone North America tour as Mick Jagger gets medical treatment Global News Rolling Stones postpone tour so Mick Jagger can get medical treatment CBC News Rolling Stones postpone tour as Ja….
Dispersed bases encourage guests at Enso Ango to check into different buildings for different experiences, and explore Kyoto while en route..
It’s so refreshing to play Assassin’s Creed III now, nearly seven years after its controversial release. The game’s debut was marred by misleading marketing, a surprising game structure, and a lot of bugs, but I always liked the rough-edged yet fascinating ad….
Maybe you’ve been to Japan or plan on going. Perhaps you recently moved here, or it could be that you’re simply interested in the country. Japanese manners can be complex and filled with all sorts of intricacies that are tricky to navigate. The following tips….
Overwater bungalows and strong wifi. WeWork has a gym, The Wing has on-demand blowouts, a podcast, and a magazine, 3den is basically a spa, Fosbury and Sons has understated elegance, and Servcorp has private jets, but Belize’s new coworking space may best the….
Bjarke Ingels Group and a company called Oceanix presented a wild concept for floating cities at the UN this week, imagining completely self-sufficient communities in the era of sea level rise. In 2007, entrepreneur Mark Collins Chen became the minister of to….
The Heisei Era comes to an end when Emperor Akihito abdicates on April 30 and Crown Prince Naruhito takes the throne..
New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern was welcomed by Chinese Premier Li Keqiang at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on Monday morning as she began a daylong visit to China. Ardern’s first visit to China as prime minister comes as her global profil….
Bjarke Ingels Group and a company called Oceanix presented a wild concept for floating cities at the UN this week, imagining completely self-sufficient communities in the era of sea level rise. In 2007, entrepreneur Mark Collins Chen became the minister of to….
President Donald Trump visited Lake Okeechobee and spoke about infrastructure..
It's Wednesday, April 3, 2019. Here's what you need to know to start your day..
Amsterdam’s latest attempt to rein in the nuisance of over-tourism by banning guided tours of the red light district has run into opposition from sex workers..
Before planning your family's summer vacation, take a word of advice from former President Barack Obama and make it a memorable one for the kids..
The death marks the third incident since early last week at Grand Canyon..
The country's history and culture are fascinating but violence against the Rohingya people is driving many travelers away..
Rhode Island's bakery pizza is so odd that some might even argue that "red strips" don't meet the basic definition of pizza..
Tropico 6 stands out as an in-depth city-builder with a strong personality, even if its economic systems are unwieldy..
It’s no small feat to tell an enjoyable story about a Superfund site, but, so far, “Richest Hill,” which weaves the story of Butte’s past and future into well-paced scenes, pulls it off..
Manuel Valls is running for office in Barcelona, where his trumpeting of European values has gained little traction in the face of everyday politics..
My trip to ColombiaEntonces(enˈtonses/, [ẽn̪ˈt̪õnses]) — One of my favorite Spanish words. It means then or so. I like the cadence, how it fills the awkward space in a sentence and how it conveys a sense of time and place. My trip in Colombia was a journey th….
[caption id="attachment_78976" align="aligncenter" width="620"] A 1925 photo by Rovere Scott shows the Golden Gate passage before its famous bridge was co....
Article: Esoteric Egyptology, Seed Science and the Myth of Mummy Wheat.
Ahead of his debut at Artexpo in New York, we talked to Nikuguso Tarou about art, comedy, and keeping it 'kawaii.'.
Panels of white aluminium envelop the exterior of this airport, designed by Amir Mann-Ami Shinar Architects and Moshe Zur Architects in the Negev desert. Located 12 miles north of the city of Eilat, Israel, Ramon Airport is expected to become a "major game ch….
Ugandan security forces scoured dense bush on Thursday in the hunt for a US tourist and her safari guide who were kidnapped by gunmen in a national park. "The operation to rescue the tourist is still ongoing," Uganda's tourism minister, Godfrey Kiwanda, told ….
President Xi Jinping called upon New Zealand on Monday not to discriminate against Chinese companies during a meeting with Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern, whose country has rejected a bid by Chinese telecom giant Huawei to build a 5G mobile network. Ardern, on….
Scientists have completed the first comprehensive assessment of UV-filters in surface seawater, sediment, and coral tissue from multiple coral reefs around the island of Oahu, Hawaii. UV-filters are active ingredients in sunscreens, but are also added to many….
Living near a protected area can improve aspects of human well-being across the developing world, new research suggests..
Over the past decade or so, Iceland has become an extremely popular destination for tourists, including photographers and filmmakers. And this has gone so far that one of the country’s photogenic canyons, Fjaðrárgljúfur, will have to be temporarily closed for….
Reforms made by the previous military junta mean science is likely to remain a priority for whoever forms a government..
Reforms made by the previous military junta mean science is likely to remain a priority for whoever forms a government..
Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 is introducing a new map for its battle royale mode, Blackout. The map will be available first on PS4 from April 2. The new map will be slightly smaller than the standard Blackout map that shipped with the game, but it's based on an ….
“Watered-down” "Paraguay is a country of remarkable contrasts: it's rustic and sophisticated; it's extremely poor and obscenely wealthy; it boasts exotic natural reserves and massive human-made dams; it is a place where horses and carts pull up alongside Merc….
In our principles textbook, Tyler and I open our chapter on price discrimination with the following: After months of investigation, police from Interpol swooped down on an international drug syndicate operating out of Antwerp, Belgium. The syndicate had been ….
The "border search" exception again trumps the Constitution. The Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals has determined [PDF] that the Supreme Court's Riley decision that implemented a warrant requirement for phone searches does not apply at our hypersensitive borde….
If you're having trouble deciding which city or country to visit for your next holiday, travel search engine Escape is a pretty nifty tool that will help you map out your best options..
