Cricket News: Check KXIP vs CSK live score updates, IPL scorecard, Ball by ball commentary, IPL live streaming, KXIP vs CSK highlights and more on Times of India.
Man Utd are keen to appoint a technical director who can oversee the transfer strategy at Old Trafford.
A much-changed team lost 2-0 at Balaidos
Mithali Raj, highest scorer in women's international cricket and captain of Velocity, feels that the Womens T20 Challenge series is a big improvement from last year and has the potential to turn into a full-fledged league.
South Africa host Pakistan for an ICC Womens Championship series that could be crucial in deciding who qualifies for the ICC Womens Cricket World Cup 2021 and gives leading players the chance to improve their positions in the MRF Tyres ICC Womens ODI Playe
Amit Mishra is the second highest wicket-taker in the IPL history with 155 wickets.
It was completely in keeping with his seven-year Chelsea career that Gary Cahill arrived half-an-hour early for our interview ahead of his Stamford Bridge farewell.
Indian skipper Virat Kohlis wicket would certainly be among the most prized scalps for any bowler in the world. Sunrisers Hyderabad pacer Khaleel Ahmeds wild celebration after dismissing Virat Kohli during the 54th match of IPL 2019 at the Chinnaswamy Stadi
Shahid Afridi, at the launch of his autobiography on Saturday, said he would arrange for a Pakistan visa for Gautam Gambhirs treatment.
Mohamed Salah was stretchered off after he incurred a head injury in a clash with the Newcastle goalkeeper. Roberto Firmino is nursing a muscular injury.
Returned players have first hit out as the World Cup training camp goes up a notch
Several memes started flying around on Twitter after SRH's loss to RCB but one meme definitely outshone the others.
Arjun Tendulkar was included in the all-rounder category with a base price of Rs 1 lakh.
Minister of Sports Olivia Babsy Grange and Jefferson Miller, chief executive officer (CEO) of the Jamaica Tallawahs franchise, both welcomed a three-year partnership agreement between the entities ahead of this years staging of the Caribbean...
After an extended run on the sidelines, the 22-year-old signed off in style to offer a glimpse into what the future holds
Barcelona fans have hilariously reacted to the Liverpool supporters' petition.
Jason Holder, the West Indies captain, views the upcoming tri-nation series, against the hosts Ireland and Bangladesh, as a means to fine-tune the team ahead of the ICC Men's Cricket World Cup 2019, which begins on 30 May in England and Wales.
Thomas Tuchel praised Neymar's performance as struggling Ligue 1 champions Paris Saint-Germain drew against Nice.
Get a recap of the Golden State Warriors vs. Houston Rockets basketball game.
The middle-order batsman has scored only 162 runs in 13 matches this season, at a rate of less than run-a-ball
After initially improving the Red Devils' fortunes through sheer force of will, new manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer now needs a more nuanced approach
England rookie Jofra Archer claims no ill feeling between seam bowlers in push for a World Cup spot
Captain America waltzes past the Bremen defence to score, but Dortmund drop two points
As Spanish giants prepare to raise an opening offer of 67.9m, SunSport understands Blues chiefs told the Belgian last summer he could leave for La Liga if he
Real Madrid published their squad list for Sundays home match against Villarreal. This game will be Vinicius return to the team after missing the last few weeks with the injury he picked up...
RCB won their last league game but did they miss a trick by not bowling Washington in the Powerplay and by giving Umesh more death overs? | ESPNcricinfo.com
Royal Challengers Bangalore vs Sunrisers Hyderabad IPL 2019 Match 54 Live Updates: RCB win by 4 wickets and four balls to spare

FOUR! Wide of off and Umesh Yadav drives it neatly through covers. Celebrations in RCB camp. VK is seen jumping in jubiliation. 
Yusuf Pathan stormed into the scene after his impressive striking prowess in domestic cricket but the knock that made him a household name was a scintillating 37-ball 100 in a run-chase for Rajasthan Royals in the 2010 edition of the IPL. Though Rajasthan los
It was Ben Foakes's stumping rather than batting that provoked plenty of debate, with former county bowler turned international broadcaster Alan Wilkins urging the ICC to take action.
England wicket keeper Ben Foakes pulled off an unimaginable, which bamboozled Irish batsman Andrew Balbirnie and was back in the hut in no time.
Royal Challengers Bangalore vs Sunrisers Hyderabad IPL 2019 Match 54 Live Updates: RCB win by 4 wickets and four balls to spare

FOUR! Wide of off and Umesh Yadav drives it neatly through covers. Celebrations in RCB camp. VK is seen jumping in jubiliation. 
As a child, Rahul Chahar idolised legendary Australian leg spinner Shane Warne but now the Mumbai Indians wrist spinner admires Chennai Super Kings' Imran Tahir and consults the wily South African bowler for help when the need arises.
Royal Challengers Bangalore vs Sunrisers Hyderabad IPL 2019 Match 54 Live Updates: RCB win by 4 wickets and four balls to spare

FOUR! Wide of off and Umesh Yadav drives it neatly through covers. Celebrations in RCB camp. VK is seen jumping in jubiliation. 
Cricket News: The aim initially was to finish their last game of IPL league phase in 10 overs and go ahead of Chennai Super Kings before two quick wickets forced a
Rishabh Pant now has the most sixes for Delhi Capitals in Indian Premier League cricket. The young wicketkeeper-batsman has 86 sixes for the team as he went past Virender Sehwag's tally during his match-winning knock vs Rajasthan Royals on Saturday
Get a report of the AFC Bournemouth vs. Tottenham Hotspur 2018/2019 English Premier League football match.
Cricket News: Shahid Afridi has claimed that he was aware of the exchange of messages between his teammates and a bookmaker before the 2010 spot-fixing scandal but
None
Sandeep Warrier who was playing just his second match of the season for KKR sported bowling figures of 2/31 and was the pick amongst the bowlers.
Madrid Masters 2019 draw preview, predictions and tips: With two-time winner Novak Djokovic, returning Roger Federer and rising Dominic Thiem all in the top half of the draw, is it advantage Rafael Nadal in the bottom half?
Neha and Jyoti hail from the Banwari Tola village in Uttar Pradesh
Both are at loggerheads over financial repercussions of the domestic restructuring on the game and the players
While the CAS verdict is a huge setback for Caster Semenya  who appealed against the IAAF rules last year  this also sets back our discourse on sex/gender by at least a decade.
Delhi are fighting for a privileged top-two finish while Rajasthan are keen to keep their hopes alive. Gaurav Kapur, Joy Bhattacharjya and Lisa Sthalekar bui...
At the present point in time, India pacer Jasprit Bumrah is a lethal prospect to deal with for most of the batsmen around the globe.
The AIFF's technical committee has shortlisted four candidates, including two-time South Korean World Cupper Lee Min-sung and Albert Roca.
Game 3 felt more like Game 3a and 3b between the Trail Blazers and Nuggets, and it took Rodney Hood's fresh legs to end the epic in Portland's favor.
On Thursday, Krystle D'Souza was present at the Wankhede Stadium to witness the nail-biting IPL match against Mumbai Indians and Sunrisers Hyderabad followed by the Super Over.
Manchester United have targeted Lyon's Moussa Dembele as part of a major summer overhaul. Transfer Talk has the latest.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has wished star Indian javelin thrower Neeraj Chopra quick and complete recovery.
The Juventus ace was asked if he would finish his career at Barcelona in a recent interview.
Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo are among the high profile names in the highest-paid footballers list this season
Cristiano Ronaldo headed in a late equaliser to spoil Torino's dream of a first win at city rivals Juventus in nearly a quarter of a century and frustrate their bid to move into the Champions League places.
Shahid Afridi, Pakistan's former cricket captain, has revealed his 'real' age in his autobiography - 'Game Changer' and it's going to leave you very, very confused.
The results are based upon 14 million predictions received so far from 224 cities out of which 189 cities voted the most for CSK.
Sunrisers Hyderabad, Kolkata Knight Riders and Rajasthan Royals are the only three teams left in the race to qualify for the playoffs.
The KXIP skipper felt the pressure on openers Rahul and Gayle, due to a fragile middle order, needs to be addressed next season
Mohammmed Shami, the India fast bowler, thinks the Indian Premier League set-up helps a bowler assess how international players prepare and train ahead of the ICC Men's Cricket World Cup 2019.
After initially improving the Red Devils' fortunes through sheer force of will, new manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer now needs a more nuanced approach
Need a strong finish to the season
Ahead of their last game of the season, Bangalore coach Gary Kirsten reflected on Bangalores disappointing season and suggested the way forward to change th...
Real Betis considering Xavi Hernandez as their coach for next season
The 2019 World Cup starts from May 30 onwards in England and Wales. All the 10 teams will be raring to have a crack in the group stage. Only four teams will enter the semis. Captaincy is a huge factor that can determine teams. Here we rate the captains of SEN
How Knight Riders trumped Kings XI by being unpredictable, and, really, what was all the hand-waving from Dinesh Karthik all about? | ESPNcricinfo.com
Arsenal got back to winning ways with a convincing win over Valencia in their Europa League semifinal first leg as Lacazette stars with a brace #AlexandreLacazette #ArsenalFC #LaurentKoscielny
Director of cricket Mick Newell says Hales' behaviour "fell way short of what we expect" but expects club to rally round | ESPNcricinfo.com
Kagiso Rabada had a fantastic run in the IPL 2019 till he suffered an injury and has withdrawn from the tournaments business end. The 23-year-old
Indias test vice-captain Rahane was sacked as Royals captain last month after guiding the team to just two wins in the first eight matches of the 2019 season.
Solskjaer is encouraged.
,India and England managed to retain top spots in the Test and ODI team rankings respectively, following the annual update of the ICC rankings on Thursday. The rankings were updated after series results from 2015-16 were removed, and outcomes from 2016-17 and
The emergence of the likes of Rashid Khan and Mujeeb Ur Rahman has raised Afghanistans expectations, with the team aiming to qualify for the ICC Mens Cricket World Cup 2019 semifinals, Dawlat Khan Ahmadzai, the chief selector, has said.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp hailed his side as "mentality giants" after producing one of the most stunning comebacks in Champions League history to beat Barcelona 4-0 and progress to the final for the second consecutive year on Tuesday.
CHENNAI: IIT-M students sitting down to a semester-end exam on Monday were asked to write whether they would recommend batting or fielding for CSK ski.
With a spot in the final still up for grabs, the CSK head coach hinted at a change in strategy going in the next fixture
Kane Richardson called in as a replacement for the tournament later this month
Left-hander's return to opening spot doesn't last long in second warm-up match against New Zealand XI
Roger Federer played his first clay-court match in nearly three years on Tuesday at the Mutua Madrid Open. Federer talks about possibly facing Rafael Nadal in the ATP Masters 1000 final.
RAFAEL NADAL has joined Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer in calling Justin Gimelstobs decision to step down from the ATP board as the right resolution.
Visit IPLT20.com the official IPLT20 website for minute-to-minute LIVE updates.
Crediting Suryakumar Yadav for Mumbai Indians six-wicket victory over Chennai Super Kings in the IPL Qualifier 1 at Chennai, MI skipper Rohit Sharma said Surya is one of the best players of spin bowling in his side.
Star couple Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli were spotted at the Mumbai airport together on Monday.
Follow the live cricket action on Sky Sports for West Indies vs Bangladesh
World No.1 Naomi Osaka overcame wild card Sara Sorribes Tormo in a three-set tussle to reach the round of 16 at the Mutua Madrid Open for the first time.
Juventus forward Cristiano Ronaldo has asked the Italians to look to Barcelona for favours in their bid to strengthen during the summer. Juventus forward C...
Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings will be aiming to consolidate their spot in the final when they lock horns in the first qualifier at the MA Chidambaram Stadium on Tuesday.
The 33-year-old, who has been at the club for nine years, was visibly emotional as he announced the news at a press conference on Tuesday
After a close victory in the only T20I, England will now take on Pakistan in a full-fledged five-match ODI series
Johnson, who holds the 1500m national record at 3:47.86, will have to improve upon his personal best timing by two seconds to touch the Tokyo Olympics qualification mark.
Solskjaer's side are winless in the last five but Sunday's draw against relegated Huddersfield has seen some supporters take matters into their own hands to hurt the club off the pitch.
Buttler was on fire. His incredible 129 off 77 balls helped England surpass the 400 run mark in ODI cricket for the first time! Find out more at ecb.co.uk Th...
RAFAEL NADAL says he is feeling a little weak as he deals with a stomach virus ahead of starting his Madrid Open.
World No. 1 Novak Djokovic opened his campaign for a third Mutua Madrid Open crown on Tuesday by beating American qualifier Taylor Fritz in an impressive 6-3, 6-2 victory over 65 minutes for a place in the third round.
Chennai Super Kings won the toss and opted to bat first against Mumbai Indians in Qualifier 1 of the Indian Premier League 2019 at the MA Chidambaram Stadium, Chennai.
Arsenal may have to get sneaky with their summer signings, so here are three great places to start to fly in under the transfer window radar. Arsenal don't...
A yearslong saga between a middle-distance runner and her sports ruling body may be nearing something that resembles a conclusion. In 2018, the International Association of Athletics Federations dictated that female runners with naturally occurring high test
Rishabh Pant has faced a lot of criticism about the style of his batting and the youngster said in a recent interview that he wants to take all the criticism positively and wants to learn from it.
The International Cricket Council (ICC) has congratulated Aleem Dar of the Emirates ICC Elite Panel of Umpires for completing 200 One Day Internationals in the second match of the Ireland tri-series between Bangladesh and the West Indies in Dublin on Tuesday.
Anrich Nortje, the South Africa fast bowler, has been ruled out of the ICC Men's Cricket World Cup 2019 with a hand injury.
The Blues will finish in the top four this season as Arsenal and Manchester United both dropped points in the penultimate round of Premier League fixtures
Even after the Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) lost six matches in a row in the 2019 Indian Premier League (IPL), they had the chance of
Seymour Nurse, the former West Indies batsman, died on Monday, 6 May, after an illness. He was 85.
United's latest failure to reach the Champions League underlines how far they have fallen, and it is a path their arch-rivals have trodden in the past
Ajaxs director of football is said to have revealed that the Dutch defender is on the brink of joining Bara
In the 21st century, Afridi, who thinks he has a divine right to decide for his daughters, wont give them permission to compete in sporting activities. The same activities which made him a fulfilled human being.
AS understands that the Belgium international is not looking for a fractious parting of ways but is concerned about the asking price Chelsea are looking for.
The incident took place between the two innings, moments after Llong was in the spotlight for giving an incorrect no-ball call off Umesh Yadav's bowling | ESPNcricinfo.com
Despite missing stars Mo Salah and Roberto Firmino, the Reds stunned Lionel Messi and Co. with a phenomenal four-goal win to triumph 4-3 on aggregate
Here is your guide to watching every UEFA Champions League and Europa League match in Canada during the 2018-19 season.
English umpire Nigel Llong could face the Board of Control for Cricket in Indias scrutiny for allegedly damaging the door of a stadium room after an argument with Royal Challengers Bangalore skipper Virat Kohli but the Indian board is unlikely to remove him 
Kings XI Punjab (KXIP) might have failed to make the playoffs yet again but their co-owner Preity Zinta is never short of enthusiasm.
A devastating opening spell by Sana Mir helped Pakistan Women skittle South Africa Women to their second lowest ODI total of 63 and eventually secure an eight-wicket win in their first ODI of the ICC Womens Championship in Potchefstroom on Monday. Mirs four

Legacies are on the line for future Hall of Famers as Houston tries to finally conquer its Bay Area demons.
Even under immense pressure to deliver, with the weight of a future IPL on their shoulders, Harmanpreet Kaur and Smriti Mandhana stood tall and showed that women have the power game that works so well on television. This is the potential of Indian cricket, th
MUMBAI: Sports broadcaster Star Sports will have eight language feeds for the upcoming ICC Cricket World Cup 2019. The tournament will also air on soon to launch Star Sports 1 Marathi. The tournament will be telecast on Star Sports 3, Star Sports 1 Hindi SD/H
Woods, 43, is only the fourth and the youngest golfer ever to have received the highest American civilian award.
Following her dad's footsteps, Ziva Dhoni recently appeared in an Instagram video to convey a crucial message to all the Indians during the ongoing Lok Sabha elections.
Pakistan endured a heartbreaking seven-wicket loss in the one off T20 match against England at Sophia Gardens in Cardiff on Sunday. One-day skipper Eoin Morgan scored a quickfire 57 not out off 29 balls to lead home side to their second win in the build-up to
There is also talk that the CoA could put the ball in Mumbai Indians court as the accreditation to Tendulkar for dugout access was issued on the franchises request.
Antigua [West Indies], May 7 (ANI): Left-handed batsman Chris Gayle has been named vice-captain of the Jason Holder-led West Indies squad for the upcoming ICC Cricket World Cup.
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has been alarmed at Anthony Martial's attitude in training and will reportedly look to offload him in the summer despite signing a new 5-year deal in January this year.
Australia will also play two day-night Tests during the 2019-20 home season, apart from playing their first Boxing Day Test against New Zealand in more than 30 years.
Irving wanted to escape the shadow of LeBron James in Cleveland, but he has not proven up to the task of being the main man in Boston.
Despite missing stars Mo Salah and Roberto Firmino, the Reds stunned Lionel Messi and Co. with a phenomenal four-goal win to triumph 4-3 on aggregate
Mostly good vibes after achieving Champions League qualification!
It has emerged that English umpire Nigel Llong, who stood in the fixture between Sunrisers Hyderabad and Royal Challengers Bangalore here, lost his composure and caused a commotion in the umpires' room.
According to MARCA.
David Warner hit a quickfire 39 and Steve Smith 22 Monday in their first appearance for Australia since a major ball-tampering scandal as the home team edged a second-string New Zealand by one wicket in a practice match. The Australians were set a target of 2
The Indian team is currently ranked second in ODI rankings, only behind World Cup hosts England.
Our first download of Jerez MotoGP info:HRC sorting its issues, another Mrquezmiracle, why lexRins didnt challenge for the win, plus Hondas new black frame
Despite missing stars Mo Salah and Roberto Firmino, the Reds stunned Lionel Messi and Co. with a phenomenal four-goal win to triumph 4-3 on aggregate
Gary Kirsten replaced Daniel Vettori as Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB) coach in August 2018.
Hardik Pandya was handed a provisional ban earlier this year followed by a Rs 20 lakh fine for his sexist comments on a talk show. Following the outrage, he publicly apologised for his comments.
There is still plenty to play for on the final day of the Premier League season
The only time the KXIP have reached the finals of the IPL was way back in 2014.
None
Kedar Jadhav has sustained a shoulder injury and has been ruled out of the remainder of the season now.Chennai Super Kings confirmed the news on Monday
KXIP's opener KL Rahul scored 71 of 36 balls comprising 7 fours and 5 sixes and was adjudged Man of the Match pipping Faf du Plessis.
Cricket News: The Eoin Morgan-led England top the ODI rankings and since the start of 2018 have beaten Australia, New Zealand, Sri Lanka and India in bilateral seri
After a resounding 196-run win over Ireland in the opening game, an buoyant West Indies side will look to turn over Bangladesh in the second match of the tri-series on Tuesday, 7 May.
The legendary all-rounder also sounded very confident about the performance of the pace attack.
The former Indian Skipper, MS Dhoni had once said, The World Cup is the most important campaign, everything else can wait
The IPL Eliminator between Delhi Capitals and Sunrisers Hyderabad on Wednesday grabbed more than the usual eyeballs after Amit Mishra was found guilty of obstructing the field.
None
Proteas all-rounder Chris Morris will join English county side Hampshire for the duration if the Vitality T20 blast, which gets underway later this year.
Only a few months ago Kane Richardson had stopped thinking about his World Cup chances, but a combination of BBL success and misfortune to his namesake has opened the door | ESPNcricinfo.com
Cricket News: It was at the ICC U-19 World Cup final in 2016 when Keemo Paul scored the winning runs off Khaleel Ahmed, and the script unfolded in a similar fashion
After the washout in the first one-day international, Afghanistan will hope for better luck with the weather as they take on Scotland in the second and final ODI in Edinburgh on Friday, 10 May.
Under Mauricio Pochettino's tutelage, Lucas has been given the opportunity to play to his strengths and now reach the Champions League final  a feat PSG are still trying to achieve.
Rishabh Pant produced yet another stellar knock as Delhi Capitals beat Sunrisers Hyderabad in the Indian Premier League 2019 Eliminator match on Wednesday.
The Warriors continued the trend of home teams taking care of business this series with a five-point win over the Rockets to take a 3-2 series lead. Check below for updates from throughout the game.
Cricket News: Tickets for the IPL 2019 final to be played in Hyderabad on Sunday were put up for sale on Tuesday without any prior notice from the BCCI, and to the
Liverpool have revealed the identity of the young ball boy who helped the home side score the fourth goal against Barcelona.
More than two decades after the last great Ajax side conquered Europe, Erik ten Hag's men suffered the cruellest of semi-final defeats against Spurs
Rajasthan Royals finished seventh with just five wins from their 14 games and never looked like making the playoffs
It's chaos at Old Trafford.
The Bucks had Malcolm Brogdon back for Game 5 against the Celtics on Wednesday night on a minutes restriction. Brogdon had been out since March 15 with a plantar fascia tear.
Jonathan Taylor, QC, co-head of the sports group at the London law firm Bird & Bird, represented the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) in the case brought by Caster...
It was all but confirmed: Tyronn Lue would take over head coaching duties for the Los Angeles Lakers after he beat out
The Spaniard battled illness to get his clay court season back on track.
In IPL 2019 qualifier 2, DC would be high on confidence as they know the conditions of the ground after winning Eliminator in Vizag but Chennai is unlikely to make the same mistakes again.
"As a right-back, the reality is that Fabinho didn&apos;t have the qualities that Dani Carvajal did, however the Brazilian has come a long way from..."
Plus, a look at how two legspinners of contrasting styles made key contributions to their teams | ESPNcricinfo.com
Constant rain ensured the first ODI between England and Pakistan was abandoned.
There's plenty of work to do.
The third match of the Windies and Bangladesh ODI tri-Series 2019 in Ireland will be played between Ireland and Bangladesh at The Village in Dublin.
PSG have been on a horror run and Neymar's frustration got the better of him after a Ligue 1 defeat to Montpellier
2 Million of you. We could fill Lord's over 66 times and the Gabba over 47 times.Thank you for the incredible support. Find out more at ecb.co.uk This is the...
Jonathan Barnett speaks again.
"Stay here and they will end up building a statue in your honour."Go somewhere else, to Barcelona, to Bayern Munich, to Real Madrid, and you will be just another pla...
It was around 2010-11  Mumbai Indians had been smarting under the loss in their first appearance in an Indian Premier League (IPL) final at the hands of Chennai Super Kings. The owners of the franchise realised that if they were keen to ensure regular succes
Arsenal are reportedly looking to offload a slew of players this summer as Unai Emery looks to rebuild the squad. Fans, though, should prepare for some dis...
In its recent end-semester examination, Indian Institute of Technology Madras included a case study in its question paper, asking students, What should Dhoni do if he wins the toss?
Trailblazers misfired after being put in to bat and ended with a sub-par total
Kedar Jadhav has been ruled out of the ongoing IPL following a shoulder injury. With less than a month to go for the ICC World Cup 2019, many believed that he would miss out. However, it is reckoned that his World Cup spot is safe, as the injury is not as ser
MS Dhoni's daughter Ziva is super cute and her adorable videos often go viral across social media. One can safely assume she has many loyal fans, the latest one being actress and Kings XI Punjab co-owner Preity Zinta. Zinta took to Twitter to post a photograp
FIFA has rejected Chelsea's appeal against a two-window transfer ban, but will allow the club to continue to sign some players under the age of 16.

The 22-year-old, who made his one-day international debut in January last year, will be replaced by Kane Richardson after failing to recover from a shoulder dislocation he suffered playing against Pakistan in March.
14-year-old Oakley Cannonier from Leeds  has been named as the unlikely hero of Liverpool's incredible Champions League comeback win over Barcelona.
Shahid Afridi's autobiography "Game Changer' is in troubled waters after a petition was filed in Sindh High Court (SHC) stop further publication of his book for using inappropriate language against former cricketers.
All 2019 ICC Cricket World Cup squads, World Cup 2019, All 10 squads, World Cup squads 2019: Updated Full squad lists of all teams of 15 players for the World Cup in England.
Former Australia captain Steve Smith struck an unbeaten 89 in 77 balls during Australia's warm-up game between New Zealand on Wednesday.
Lionel Messi had a night to forget at Anfield. The Argentine magician was rendered useless by the Liverpool defence and could barely create any solid openings for his team. However, the course of his outing was set in the first minute itself, when Liverpool's
None
Juventus could be set for another summer of upheaval as numerous players are linked with an exit from the club.
Manchester City's Pep Guardiola and Liverpool's Jurgen Klopp are on the four-man shortlist for the Premier League Manager of the Season award.
Madrid Open: Roger Federer registered a commanding straight sets win over Richard Gasquet. Novak Djokovic breezed past Taylor Fritz while Dominic Thiem fought Reilly Opelka before the latter retired.
James Rodriguez is set to depart Real Madrid permanently in the summer after his Bayern Munich loan spell comes to an end
Even Lionel Messi couldn't help Barcelona on a night that everything went against them. The Blaugrana conceded four goals away to Liverpool, throwing a three-nil first-leg lead in the process. And so, the Spanish giants were thrown out of the UEFA Champions L
LIVERPOOL defender Andy Robertson has TROLLED Luis Suarez after the Reds reached the Champions League final with a win over Barcelona.
The duo put on 144 for the opening wicket after WI were restricted to 261
IPL 2019: After Royal Challengers Bangalore skipper Virat Kohli posted a picture on Instagram thanking the team's fans for their support, Vijay Mallya expressed his disappointment at another below-par season for his former franchise
Rising New Zealand cricket star set for lengthy spell on sidelines due to surgery.
The time is now - can Liverpool score a miracle at Anfield?
Diego Godin has agreed a three-year contract worth 6.75 million-a-year with Inter Milan, sources from the club have told ESPN FC.
Chennai Super Kings won the toss and opted to bat first against Mumbai Indians in Qualifier 1 of the Indian Premier League 2019 at the MA Chidambaram Stadium, Chennai.
According to Ahmadzai, the decision was made after taking into consideration the long-term future of Afghanistan cricket.
IPL 2019: Harsha Bhogle and Sanjay Manjrekar in Twitter 'war of words' over Robin Uthappa - Kolkata Knight Riders' Robin Uthappa has got a lot of flak for his innings during MI vs KKR match.
The 15-member squad for the four-day matches has six more players who have earned Test caps
Rishabh Pant has faced a lot of criticism about the style of his batting and the youngster said in a recent interview that he wants to take all the criticism positively and wants to learn from it.
ICC Elite Panel umpire Nigel Llong has embroiled himself in a controversy after he was reported to have kicked a glass door during an IPL 2019 match. It is believed that the Englishman did it out of frustration following a wrong decision he had earlier given 
A member of Arsenal's Invincibles, the Brazilian looks set to return to the club after this summer's Copa America
None
An India-Pakistan game is always a high attraction in any tournament and if the derby is scheduled in a World Cup, then one can well imagine the excitement
The Liverpool legend does not see the Reds overhauling Manchester City on the final day of the Premier League season
None
Catch the live updates of MI vs CSK, IPL 2019 final, here
Liam Plunkett got 2/64 in his 9 overs. During England's bowling innings, there was a moment when it appeared as if Plunkett might have been trying to alter
ICC used a picture of former umpire Steve Bucknor to point out the front foot no ball.
Football365 - Solskjaer is 'battling against jealousy and rifts in his squad' as a result of Pogba and Sanchez's bonuses.
Despite there being lot of talk about managing the workload of Indias World Cup bound players
Cricket News: Former Pakistan all-rounder Shahid Afridi has said he refuses to let his daughters play any outdoor sports.
Supernovas beat Velocity by four wickets to win the Women's T20 Challenge 2019. The final had a lot of standout performances with the bat, ball and on the field.
Former Proteas skipper cools on playing in 2019-20 Big Bash League as CA increases cap on foreign players to six
A little more than a fortnight before the tournament opener, former England captain Nasser Hussain picked the four semi-finalists of the World Cup
Football365 - Ernesto Valverde admits the last few days have been "painful" for Barcelona. Bloody Liverpool.
<p>Desert Storm 2019: Defending champ Aabhishek Mishra wins his fourth title</p>
Spanish giants Real Madrid are keen to execute a major squad overhaul in the summer, in an effort to get over their trophyless 2018-19 season. Their manager Zinedine Zidane has already identified a few transfer targets that he wants to sign before the next se
As voting for the official Bundesliga Team of the Season heats up, we take a closer look at one of the leading contenders  Bayern Munich goal machine Robert Lewandowski.
Indian T20 League (IPL 2019), Final: Mumbai v Chennai (MI vs CSK) IPL final - Dream 11 and Dotball Fantasy Cricket Tips, playing xi, weather, team news, pit
Last game of the 2018-19 Premier League season
Bangladesh were excellent in all departments during their previous meeting against West Indies, and an encore should put them in the tri-series final, against the same opponents.
Liverpool are still in with a chance to snatch the Premier League title away from Manchester City and will have to win over in-form Wolves at Anfield on Sunday. #Jimenez #Klopp #LiverpoolFC
In the face of increasingly stiff competition among the fast bowlers, Eoin Morgan, the England captain, acknowledged that making the final selection for the ICC Mens Cricket World Cup 2019 would be a difficult task.
Sunil Ambris' first one-day international hundred saw the West Indies complete their highest successful ODI run chase as they beat Ireland by five wickets.
Manchester United will have to cough up some more money as they attempt to solve their defensive woes with this defender.
Frank Vogel has agreed to a three-year deal to become the next head coach of the Lakers, league sources told ESPN, with Jason Kidd agreeing to become a prominent assistant coach on Vogel's staff.
RAFAEL NADALs defeat to Stefanos Tsitsipas yesterday saw the young Greek break an incredible record.
Gunners are only team to fire four goals past Valencia at Mestalla - now they've got shot at Champions League
For the first time in a couple of months, England fielded their strongest batting line-up yesterday and, ominously for every other side at the forthcoming World Cup, they shook off the cobwebs and...
Paris Saint-Germain coach Thomas Tuchel has declared that Neymar is not of the "profile" to wear the armband as a captain.
Russian President Vladimir Putin gets the red carpet treatment after scoring eight goals at a recent match against former pro players in Sochi. Two rules when playing hockey with Putin: 1) Let him score as if your life depends on it; and 2) dont laugh when h
Manchester United will be hoping to end an agonising season on a high when they welcome Cardiff City to Old Trafford on Sunday. #AntonioValencia #CardiffCity #ManchesterUnited
Former India cricketer Virender Sehwag picked his best XI, leaving both Virat Kohli and MS Dhoni out of it.
Salford City secured their promotion to the Football League as they beat Fylde 3-0 in the National League play-off final at Wembley.
Ziva Dhoni stole the limelight on a non-IPL 2019 match day.
If there's one thing Toto Wolff hopes to avoid at the start of Sunday's race, it's a repeat of the nightmare scenario the Mercedes boss endured in 2016.
The BCB president ruled out tours to Sri Lanka in the near future, in the wake of the recent terrorist attack in the island nation
Paul Pogba has earned his fair share of criticism since moving back to Manchester United. However, the Red Devils star has now gone ahead and blamed Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi for football's current problems!
<p>Desert Storm 2019: Aabhishek continues to lead as Gill drops to eight</p>
Click here to know more.
Team Hero MotoSport bags their second podium this season, further continuing their impressive run. The Team will now gear up for perhaps the next rally.
Former Australia speedster Brett Lee applauded Harbhajan Singh, saying that the veteran Indian off-spinner has shown a lot of confidence while bowling for CSK in the ongoing IPL.
Football fans around the world have already conceded Lionel Messi as the favourite to win the 2019 Ballon d'Or. The Argentine has been superb this season for his club, FC Barcelona, leading them to a league title. However, is there still a chance that the wid
Cricket News: He is considered one of the best T20 players in the New Zealand outfit, but Colin Munro played just four games for Delhi Capitals in this edition of t
Who will lift the trophy at Lord's on July 14?
The Indian Premier League (IPL) 2019 is set to come to an end after another enthralling season of cricket. The final of this year's edition is set to be held on Sunday in Hyderabad. Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings will battle it out for the trophy. Her
The International Cricket Council (ICC) has charged Sanath Jayasundara with two counts of breaching the ICC Anti-Corruption Code.
The 2018-19 season may be approaching a conclusion, but one of the busiest periods for a football club is just about to begin: the summer transfer window.
The 2018-19 season may be approaching a conclusion, but one of the busiest periods for a football club is just about to begin: the summer transfer window.
Pochettino warns he could leave Tottenham after Champions League finalThe Champions League finalists have not signed a player since 31 January 2018.Pochettino plans talks with chairman Daniel Levy this summer after five yea
Copa del Rey final: Messi to be Messi... and Luis Suarez at same time
Mumbai Indians skipper Rohit Sharma revealed details of his first meeting with veteran all-rounder Yuvraj Singh after he made his debut for the Indian team back in 2007.
Ander Herrera has confirmed he will leave Manchester United at the end of the season.
The Reds can head into the summer months confident of another title tilt regardless of what happens on the final day of the Premier League season
Anil Kumble has named his best XI for IPL 2019 based on the performances till group stages.
Chelsea are reportedly all set to say goodbye to Eden Hazard, as the Belgian inches ever closer to his dream Real Madrid move. However, Hazard gave the Blues one last ray of hope when he joked about signing a new contract at Stamford Bridge and rejecting Real
Golden State did not conceal its satisfaction of eliminating the Rockets yet again.
Serie A football transfer news 11 May 2019
Faf du Plessis has credited his time with Chennai Super Kings in the Indian Premier League with helping him grow as a batsman who can play across various circumstances.
As per some new reports, Spanish giants Real Madrid are keen to Liverpool's young superstar. But their manager Jurgen Klopp is not interested in selling the talented youngster.
Delhi Capitals skipper Shreyas Iyer hailed his teammates and the DC support staff after finishing third in the IPL
Faf du Plessis talks about planning the Powerplay strategy with Shane Watson and looks back on Super Kings' run in IPL 2019. #DuPlessis #ShaneWatson #Chennai...
The stopover comes nearly a year after Australia coach Justin Langer took his squad on a Western Front tour of historic WWI sites in France and Belgium.
Early deals and your team of choice is what Man United and Ole need in his first full season as the Old Trafford boss. The reconstruction of the sleeping g...
Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic didn't shower himself in glory in 2012 when he made highly derogatory comments about homosexuals and black men in an interview.
Returns to form of Smith and Starc highs of Brisbane camp ahead of World Cup campaign
Azerbaijan indicated Friday that Arsenal's Henrikh Mkhitaryan can play in the Europa League final despite tension with his native Armenia.
UEFA president Aleksander Ceferin told leaders from European leagues to debate civilly over proposed Champions and Europa League reforms.
Roger Federers first clay-court tournament in three years ended when Dominic Thiem saved two match points to beat Federer 2-6, 7-6(11), 6-4 and advance to the Madrid Masters semifinals
Rain brought a premature end to the second ODI between Afghanistan and Scotland in Edinburgh, with the visitors triumphing by just two runs on the DLS method.
Its time for the final of the Womens T20 challenge 2019. Supernovas will face Velocity at the Sawai Mansingh Stadium, Jaipur on May 11. Keep reading to find out the Womens T20 Challenge 2019 final SPN vs VEL Match Prediction. Supernovas had to win the last
IPL 2019: On Friday, Chennai Super Kings' spinners had put Delhi Capitals in all sorts of trouble but that did not stop Suresh Raina from helping out Rishabh Pant with his shoelaces
After East Bengal, Mohun Bagan appoint a Spanish coach. #IndianFootball #HeroILeague
Virat Kohli is arguably the best batsmen in the world and he is also one of the richest cricketer. Virat Kohli have fans, both from cricket fraternity and otherwise. His style of play make him special and has earned him a lost of respect.
Cricket News: While Mahendra Singh Dhoni's 'Dad's Army' nearly did an encore, Mumbai Indians' consistency on the big day paid off again during a season where there
Watson was on fire in the finals and almost pulled off the chase single-handedly with his innings of 80 off 59 balls for Chennai.
Its fair then to expect the IPL to set the benchmarks and trends that the rest of T20 will adopt. 2019 was a slightly disappointing season on that front: old tricks were redeployed, existing templates were reused, and some bad habits reinforced. Heres a lis
Chelsea will reportedly bid for one of Barcelona's failed superstar as they seek a replacement for a departing Eden Hazard.
Here is the list of players who were picked up by their respective national teams to play in the upcoming World Cup but could not deliver in IPL 2019
For a nation nursing Tokyo 2020 medal ambitions, with the longer relays very much on the agenda, the least one could've expected in Yokohama was a place each in the finals of the three 4x400m relays.
Mercedes have sent a Formula One car to the home of a terminally ill boy.
An excellent all-round display by Bangladesh secured their spot in the tri-series final with a game to spare after they clinched a five-wicket victory over West Indies in Dublin on Monday 13 May.
Follow the live cricket action on Sky Sports for England vs Pakistan
Cricket News: "India will miss Pant in the World Cup. I don't know in whose place but he will be missed," former India captain Sourav Ganguly told reporters at Eden
Indian spinner Kuldeep Yadav said in jest that former India captain MS Dhoni also goes wrong a number of times.
New Delhi [India], May 13 (ANI): Rajkumar Sharma, the childhood coach of India captain Virat Kohli, on Monday said that Pakistan has no chance of winning against India in the forthcoming ICC Men's Cricket World Cup.
The batting maestro spoke about the brilliant finish to another IPL season and said he was looking forward to India winning the World Cup.
Ferrari fan Lewis Hamilton made a big call when he left McLaren for Mercedes and another could be on the horizon. Who else has made a notable F1 switch?
According to Jugones and MARCA.
Manchester United reportedly rejected the opportunity to sign a highly-rated wonderkid after a club scout suggested that the player was in danger becoming overweight in the years to come.
Picking the West Indies and England as the biggest threat, India's Test vice-captain Ajinkya Rahane said an experienced bowling attack on helpful English conditions could give Virat Kohli's men edge in the World Cup.
How will the Warriors and Blazers get their best looks in this series?
The IPL 2019 has come to an end, with Mumbai Indians claiming their fourth title to become the most successful team. Nonetheless, it did bring us some interesting, funny and controversial moments. Here, we analyze some of the best and top moments from the 12t
The Blues have redefined what it takes to win the Premier League title and deserve to be remembered alongside the division's greatest ever
Cricket News: Young Shubman Gill, who won the Emerging Player of the Year award in the IPL, dubbed the season a mixed one and said it didn't pay off whenever he tri
Suresh Wangjam has signed a 2-year contract, while Prabhsukhan Gill has agreed a 1-year deal with the #HeroISL champions. #IndianFootball
The supporters have been unforgiving
In the final against Chennai Super Kings on Sunday, the 25-year-old kept his side in the hunt by returning remarkable figures of 2 for 14 in 4 overs. Bumrah gave away only 4 runs in the 17th over and 5 runs in the 9th over to bring MI back in the final.
The Brazilian has been sounded out as one of the teams worst performers and his goal and assist numbers reflect that
ROGER FEDERER fans are furious with the Italian Opens decision to double ticket prices for his opening match.
Mumbai Indians all-rounder Kieron Pollard was fined 25 percent of his match fee for showing dissent at an umpiring decision during the IPL final against Chennai Super Kings on Sunday.
Ravindra Jadeja was at the other end when Shane Watson was run out at a critical juncture of the MI vs CSK IPL 2019 final.
IPL 2019 is said to have fetched 300 million viewers for the Disney-owned OTT platform, growing from 202 million in 2018. This is not the first time that Hotstar has set a global record in live streaming.
During the team cheer in the dressing room after the game on Sunday night,Nita Ambanithanked son Akash for gifting her a win in the final of the IPL.
The #IndianFootball team will host 2 sides that bowed out of #AsianCup2019 group stages & another nation that didn't even qualify.
Suresh Raina is known as Mr IPL for some reason. His record while batting at number three in the tournament is impeccable. Moreover, the southpaw
Pep Guardiola is seeking out PSG superstar Neymar as Sergio Aguero's replacement at Manchester City, despite the Citizens claiming their second Premier League title in as many years.
Mohamed Salah's daughter scored a goal and the Anfield cheered in unison in the most adorable visual from the final day of Premier League 2018-19.
Benoni: Pakistan off-spinner Sana Mir has become the most successful women's ODI spinner in history
The Russian president was taking a victory lap after scoring a few goals in an exhibition match when he fell flat on his face after tripping on a red mat.
Ronaldo made a gesture with his hand with the former Real Madrid star heard saying: "You're too small to talk."
There are just two weeks to go to the year's second Grand Slam - the French Open in Paris.
A short sequence from Saturday's match in Southampton led to a debate on Twitter, with some on social media suggesting the 34-year-old had been involved in an act of foul play as a result of a three-second clip showing Plunkett rubbing his fingers along the s
My daughters are very precious to me, scribbled Shahid Afridi in his defence after creating a flutter by writing in his book that he wont allow them to play any outdoor sport. In his autobiography titled Game Changer, the former Pakistan captain  who is
The Blues have redefined what it takes to win the Premier League title and deserve to be remembered alongside the division's greatest ever
The pair looked to be enjoying themselves following PSG's 2-1 victory over Angers a day before
Follow the Royal London One-Day Cup at ecb.co.uk/one-day-cup Hampshire reached their second Royal London One-Day Cup final in a row, with an impressive victo...
Alexis Sanchez has disappointed at Manchester United, and the former Barcelona forward took to social media to apologise to the club's fans.
Catch all the highlights from the 2019 Indian Premier League Final between Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings played at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium, Hyderabad.
A 2-0 win over Wolverhampton Wanderers at Anfield was not enough to secure the crown as Manchester City won 4-1 at Brighton.
Complete list of award winners at IPL 2019 including Orange Cap, Purple Cap, Best Catch, Emerging Player, MVP.
How do you stop Jos Buttler? It was a question that was being asked again after the talented batsmans latest one-day international hundred saw England to a 12-run win over Pakistan in the second one-day international on Saturday. With a home World Cup just 
Get a report of the Real Sociedad vs. Real Madrid 2018/2019 Spanish Primera Divisin football match.
Manchester United's win percentage has dropped from 73.7 per cent to 20 per cent since Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was given a three-year deal.
LIVERPOOL boss Jurgen Klopp congratulated Manchester City for winning the Premier League title this afternoon.
Get a report of the Manchester United vs. Cardiff City 2018/2019 English Premier League football match.
The Blues have redefined what it takes to win the Premier League title and deserve to be remembered alongside the division's greatest ever
doesn't matter, who and where the mistake was committed. The latest to be the victim of ICC is Sachin Tendulkar, who bowled a no-ball
Both Chennai and Mumbai have three titles in their closet. Who will clinch the fourth? Gaurav Kapur, Lisa Sthalekar and Joy Bhattacharjya build up to the sea...
The travelling Barcelona support at Anfield was all class after Liverpool eviscerated their team 4-0 to dump them out of the Champions League - giving the jubilant home team and fans a standing ovation.
By dropping MS Dhoni and Virat Kohli, Virender Sehwag has gone for performance over reputation.
IPL Final 2019, MI vs CSK: When you have 7-8 guys who can win those little battles for you out there, it creates opportunities to win games. You require that in a tournament like this, said Mumbai Indians head coach Mahela Jayawardena
The Supernovas skipper nearly sealed the fate of the game, and that of the narrative within
Stats clearly indicates Barcelona's over reliantness on Lionel Messi
Bangladesh were excellent in all departments during their previous meeting against West Indies, and an encore should put them in the tri-series final, against the same opponents.
MS Dhoni's daughter Ziva's in her latest video can be seen teaching Hindi to Delhi Capitals wicket-keeper batsman Rishabh Pant ahead of the IPL 2019 final.
In the face of increasingly stiff competition among the fast bowlers, Eoin Morgan, the England captain, acknowledged that making the final selection for the ICC Mens Cricket World Cup 2019 would be a difficult task.
Let us see the numbers that stand out from end of World Cup 2015 to now (14th May, 2019).
The All India Football Federation (AIFF) on Wednesday announced the appointment of former Croatia international Igor Stimac as the head coach of the Indian men's national team after AIFF's Executive Committee ratified the recommendation by the Technical Commi
Reported Manchester United, Arsenal and Spurs target Wilfried Zaha has told Crystal Palace he wishes to leave this summer, it is claimed.
Dhonis run-out became the talking point after MI edged CSK by one run to win their fourth IPL title.
According to ICC rules, a team can name its replacement till May 23. However, the Indian selectors refrained from taking a call on the replacement when they met to pick India A squad.
Cricket News: Yuzvendra Chahal, who has played 41 ODIs so far and claimed 72 wickets at an average of 24.61, including two-five wicket hauls, played 3 ODIs and 3 T2
India's former mental conditioning coach Paddy Upton on Wednesday revealed that when MS Dhoni took over as the captain of the Indian cricket team in the 50-over format, the stumper had come up with a unique idea to ensure that his teammates were not late for 
ROGER FEDERER should not automatically be given respect on the tennis court, according to Nick Kyrgios.
Not that Kuldeep had great returns before that game. Four wickets in eight matches at an average of 71.50, Kuldeep was enduring his worst IPL, which is when the seniors in the Indian team came calling.
The 29-year-old is a key member of the twice world champions three-pronged pace attack, which also includes Mohammed Shami and Jasprit Bumrah.
The Aussie pacer said the exclusion will hit him hard once the tournament begins and he watches it on TV
Sachin Tendulkar retired from all forms of cricket in 2013 and is currently associated with the Indian Premier League franchise Mumbai Indians as the team icon.
The Raptors had the lead and seemed poised to steal home-court advantage from the Bucks on Wednesday night, before a fourth-quarter collapse left them with a loss in Game 1 of the Eastern Conference finals.
The two-time former champion won't be playing at Roland Garros due to a shoulder injury.
Cricket News: Ten batters of the Kasaragod under-19 girls team were clean bowled for a duck, and it was only due to the four extras given by the Wayanad bowlers tha
Fast bowler Chris Woakes believes that Jofra Archer's arrival in the side, and his subsequent performances, have sparked a healthy competition within England's bowlers to retain their place in the ICC Men's Cricket World Cup 2019 squad.
A new report claims that UEFA members have decided that a ban from the competition would be suitable punishment, but could it really happen?
Ruben Loftus-Cheek suffered a suspected ankle injury in Chelsea's 3-0 friendly win over New England Revolution on Wednesday.
Real Madrid have apparently established initial contact with Liverpool superstar Mohamed Salah with a view to making a summer transfer happen.
The striker has impressed Solskjaer with his performances in France.
Messi, Sane and Sterling the only players in Europe's top 5 leagues to register double-digit figures in goals and assists for past 2 seasons
A new report claims that UEFA members have decided that a ban from the competition would be suitable punishment, but could it really happen?
Bara are the favorites, though
A new report claims that UEFA members have decided that a ban from the competition would be suitable punishment, but could it really happen?
Follow the latest Man Utd transfer rumours, gossip and breaking news as Ole Gunnar Solskjaer looks to strengthen in the summer window.
Get a report of the De Graafschap vs. Ajax Amsterdam 2018/19 Dutch Eredivisie, Regular Season football match.
In a word, no.
Led by half-centuries from Tamim, Liton and Shakib, and Abu Jayed's maiden fifer, Bangladesh maintained their unbeaten run in the tri-series
For the first time in recent Rome Tennis Masters history, the entire day was cancelled. Our writer, Eric was lucky enough to be part of that historical day.
The German and French football leagues have both rejected a proposal to create a near-closed Champions League from 2024 onwards.
Strikers needed 16 runs off the final over and Moondeep Mangela, despite conceding a four on the first ball, did well to hand his team a win.
Spanish giants Real Madrid are all in for a massive squad overhaul in the summer, with manager Zinedine Zidane already linked with some of the top footballing names in the world right now. One of them is Manchester United's Paul Pogba, who Zidane aims to sign
A professional performance saw Pakistan complete a seven wicket victory over South Arica in Pretoria.

Sachin Tendulkar and his friend Vinod Kambli were shown hitting the nets at the Tendulkar-Middlesex Global Academy camp in Navi Mumbai with Tendulkar bowling couple of trademark leg spinners.
Since the last World Cup, there have been 40 scores of above 300 in 56 matches in England, easily the most in a country in the period. Over the last two years, England have scored 300+ 17 times in 45 matches, the most among all teams.
Cricket News: Former India opener Virender Sehwag is known to call a spade a spade and he believes that there is no all-rounder in the Indian team who is as good as
In a shocking incident, M B Balakrishnan (29), a swimmer who participated in the Asian Games, died in a road mishap last night. Continue Reading 
Hockey News: The Indian men's hockey team was blanked 0-4 by World No.2 Australia in the four match of the tour Down Under with Blake Govers and Jeremy Hayward sco
Mourinho was sacked in December after a dismal start to the latest campaign
James Neesham had argued against Chennai Super Kings fans who had claimed on social media that MS Dhoni was wrongly adjudged run out in the IPL 2019 final against Mumbai Indians on Sunday
Football365 - Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has 'outlined the short-term future' to his Manchester United squad.
A new report claims that UEFA members have decided that a ban from the competition would be suitable punishment, but could it really happen?
Cricketer-turned-politician Gautam Gambhir feels the Indian World Cup squad is one quality fast bowler short. Two-time winners India begin their campaign with a big-ticket match against South Africa on 5 June in Southampton.
Indias former cricket player, GS Lakshmi, achieved a rare honour on Tuesday becoming the first female to be appointed to the ICC International Panel of Match Referees. Lakshmi will be eligible to referee international matches with immediate effect and there 
An altered version of Liverpool's "Allez" song appeared to be sung by Manchester City players, but the club denied claims about the lyrics.
World Cup 2019: India head coach Ravi Shastri agreed that capable players have missed out on the World Cup berth but said the national selectors have zeroed in on the best combination for the mega tournament.
No one has scored as many runs in the last three ICC tournaments, and with a strong IPL behind him, Dhawan is ready to keep his intensity going | ESPNcricinfo.com
South Africa coach Ottis Gibson has said that the injured fast-bowling duo of Kagiso Rabada and Dale Steyn should recover in time for the ICC Men's Cricket World Cup 2019.
Vijay is confident in his skills insisting that he has learnt to de-stress and not bother about opinions
Indian spinner Kuldeep Yadav posted a clarification on his Instagram account after 'false; media reports over his comments on former Indian captain MS Dhoni.
Manchester City have rejected suggestions that a group of their players ridiculed either Sen Cox or the Hillsborough disaster following Sunday's title-clinching vict...
The skipper believes South Africa's is the 'best bowling attack in the world'
There was a familiar flow to the Warriors as they took down the Trail Blazers in Game 1 of the Western Conference finals.
Cricket News: Former Indian pacer Roger Binny feels that the challenge Indian cricketers will face in the World Cup will be to stay fresh and match fit after a long
Bales agent speaks out on speculation, new rumors surrounding Navas, and Brahim is reportedly against any potential loan
Arjun, son of cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar, snapped up a wicket and then chipped in with 23 runs for Aakash Tigers on his T20 Mumbai League debut.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola showed just why he doesn't work on tackling this season
The 40-year-old will replace another former New Zealand international Craig McMillan
Paceman returns from cricket's wilderness as Brisbane Heat skipper is overlooked for a state contract
Fast bowler can see why he was omitted and will instead focus on preparing for Australia's Ashes campaign
ICC World Cup 2019, Latest Cricket News, Live Scores, Schedule, Results, ICC Rankings, Stats and Videos  - CricketTimes.com
Sachin Tendulkar and VVS Laxman met the BCCI Ombudsman and Ethics officer D.K. Jain in New Delhi on Tuesday.
YuzvendrChahal is of the opinion that the trust that the pair share with Kuldeep Yadav has played a big role in their success.
Is the first woman to be appointed to the ICC panel of Match Referees
Saha, who underwent surgery in August last year, made his Bengal comeback with the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy and also played five games for Sunrisers Hyderabad (SRH) in the IPL which ended on Sunday.
Cricket News: All-rounder Shadab Khan has been declared fit for Pakistan's World Cup campaign after blood tests showed zero viral load, the Pakistan Cricket Board (
Arjun Tendulkar put up a decent all round show as Aakash Tigers Mumbai Western Suburb defeated Triumph Knight Mumbai North East by five wickets in the opening game of the T20 Mumbai League on Tuesday.
In the video, Nita Ambani is seen carrying the trophy into the prayer room and having placed the trophy in front of the Gods, she then chants: 'Jai Shri Krishna.'
Paul Pogba is being earmarked to be at the heart of a new-look Real Madrid, while across town Atletico are about to reboot after losing faces that had become synonymous with Diego Simeonesred-and-white striped grinders
NICK KYRGIOS has been disqualified from the Italian Open after throwing a chair on to court in an incredible outburst.
The interest in womens cricket in India has been on the rise ever since they finished runners-up in the 2017 World Cup in the United Kingdom.
The advertisement released on Thursday shows Virat Kohli and Rishabh Pant rapping about the benefits of the products.
Ed Woodward's Man Utd conference call brought up an issue that must concentrate minds among the Old Trafford decision-makers.
Premier League giants Manchester United have received a major blow as far as the upcoming summer transfer window is concerned, as their long-term target rejects a move to the club while also exhibiting major reservations about the club.
Cricket News: Soon to board a flight to play in his second World Cup, Shikhar Dhawan, the Indian opening batsman, in an interview to TOI talks about his life away f
The midfielder is looking forward to his Barcelona move
Bayern Munichs embattled head coach responded to reporters questions about his future with reflections on the Golden Rule and his own beliefs  and never giving up.
Jamaica [West Indies]: Irfan Pathan became the only Indian cricketer on Thursday to enrol himself in
According to the latest reports, Spanish giants Real Madrid have signed this supremely talented young striker, for a price of 52.4million (60million).
Former India opener Wasim Jaffer has been roped in by Bangladesh Cricket Board (BCB) as the batting consultant for its academy in Mirpur. The development was confirmed by a senior BCB official Thursday. Trending News 5 militants, 2 civilians, 2 soldiers kille
Veteran signs one-year deal with Adelaide Strikers after he was let go by Victoria and the Renegades
Fans and well-wishers fervently pray for one last hurrah from the former India captain
The Barcelona captain received the award on Thursday
'Certainly this isn't ideal timing, ' acknowledges injured Black Caps star.
"Ever since leaving Real Madrid, Julen Lopetegui has rarely spoken publicly to reflect on his time at the Estadio Santiago Bernabeu.

Now, as the..."
Rafael Nadal might have arrived in Rome without a title for the first time since 2004. But if the World No. 2 needed it, he did a lot to gain confidence on Thursday. Nadal lost just two games in two matches, defeating No. 14 seed Nikoloz Basilashvili 6-1, 6-0
Former India mental conditioning coach Paddy Upton claimed in his book 'The Barefoot Coach' that one of the biggest professional errors in his role with the Indian cricket team was 'a joke' asking the players to have sex.
Ireland have made one change to the one-day international squad that contested the tri-series against Bangladesh and West Indies for their upcoming encounter with Afghanistan.
The 16-year-old midfielder has declared he wants to leave Monaco after his father, Lotfi, a former Tunisian footballer, said the relationship with the club had broken down citing a matter of trust.
Griezmann edges closer to Barcelona
There were not many surprises in the 27-man squad for next month's inaugural finals in Portugal.
The International Cricket Council (ICC) today announced a stellar line up of commentators for the ICC Mens Cricket World Cup along with detailed broadcast plans that will bring more than a billion fans closer to the action and players than ever before.
The thrashing by English batsmen in a T20 International and two ODIs has alarmed the selectors.
Cricket News: Sachin Tendulkar, always the master of the game, recently proved that he is also the master of witty replies on social media platforms.
Ireland are set to play two ODIs against Afghanistan next week
The incident occurred after Balbirnie was dismissed in the 10th over of Ireland's innings against Bangladesh
Time to look back on a league season when the table doesnt lie writes columnist and Chelsea fan Giles Smith, who also poses a question about Champions League qualification...
Wilfried Zaha may not get the move away from Crystal Palace that he reportedly wants, claims Kevin Phillips, with questions asked of whether the likes of Tottenham and Manchester United would be willing to spend 60m or 70m.
Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic are all through to the third round of the Rome Masters, and Great Britain's Johanna Konta also advanced after defeating No. 7 seed Sloane Stephens.
A new report claims that UEFA members have decided that a ban from the competition would be suitable punishment, but could it really happen?
Cricket News: Even though the pitches are expected to be flat during the World Cup, former Indian captain Dilip Vengsarkar, who himself played three World Cups with
Irelands Andrew Balbirnie has been reprimanded for breaching Level 1 of the ICC Code of Conduct during Irelands Tri-Nation series ODI game with Bangladesh on Wednesday.
Dybala's brother says he is ready to move away from Italy
Inter have announced Milan Skriniar has put pen to paper on a new four-year deal running until the summer of 2023. Skriniar has emerged as one of the best defenders in Serie A since joining Inter from Sampdoria in 2017 and has been heavily linked with a move 
Fernando Verdasco turned back the clock, playing with great power and discipline on Thursday at the Internazionali BNL dItalia, to remain a bogeyman for Dominic Thiem in a 4-6, 6-4, 7-5 win over two hours and 44 minutes.
Shane Watson scored brilliant 80 runs and kept his team in the hunt till the very dying moments in the IPL 2019 final against Mumbai Indians.
As a kid, Damian Lillard would roam the arena hallways after Warriors home games. Now he has a chance to close out his Oracle Arena in storybook fashion.
Diana Edulji, the CoA member, slammed the one-sided media reports that suggested she wanted to present the trophy to the IPL 2019 winners on Sunday.
Former India opening batsman Gautam Gambhir reckons that India will be a fast bowler short at the upcoming ICC Men's Cricket World Cup 2019 in England and Wales.
Each of these players have a hat-trick of Premier League medals, from the one-club men to those whove won titles across different teams
Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski has received offers from both Paris Saint-Germain and Manchester United, according to a report in German football magazine Kicker on Thursday
Guardiola surpassed Mourinho's trophy tally with Manchester City's Premier League title earlier this week.
Manchester United have a decision to make on Paul Pogba and it could define their future under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer
Amarnath was one of the architects of Indias maiden 50-over World Cup triumph in 1983, winning player-of-the-match awards both in the semi-final and final.
Manchester City have been referred to a Club Financial Control Body (CFCB) adjudicatory chamber over a potential breach of FFP rules.
The All India Football Federation (AIFF) on Wednesday announced the appointment of former Croatia international Igor Stimac as the head coach of the Indian men's national team after AIFF's Executive Committee ratified the recommendation by the Technical Commi
Pogba joins Manchester United Womens captain Alex Greenwood, Jesse Lingard, Luke Shaw and Scott McTominay in launching the new strip that inclludes a number of 1999-inspired features
According to ICC rules, a team can name its replacement till May 23. However, the Indian selectors refrained from taking a call on the replacement when they met to pick India A squad.
In the 1999 World Cup semi-finals, South Africa needed one run off four balls, then it all went blank.
New Zealand cricketer Jimmy Neesham was amongst the many who took to social media on Sunday night to express his feelings over Dhoni's dismissal in IPL final between CSK and MI.
It was quite the to-do when the Italian Open announced that, because of Roger Federers spot in the schedule on Wednesday, it was doubling the prices for the day session significantly. In an interview with the Italian press agency AGI, Italian federation pres
The Raptors had the lead and seemed poised to steal home-court advantage from the Bucks on Wednesday night, before a fourth-quarter collapse left them with a loss in Game 1 of the Eastern Conference finals.
The two-time former champion won't be playing at Roland Garros due to a shoulder injury.
Since the last World Cup, there have been 40 scores of above 300 in 56 matches in England, easily the most in a country in the period. Over the last two years, England have scored 300+ 17 times in 45 matches, the most among all teams.
Get a report of the New England Revolution vs. Chelsea Club Friendly football match.
Real Madrid have apparently established initial contact with Liverpool superstar Mohamed Salah with a view to making a summer transfer happen.
The striker has impressed Solskjaer with his performances in France.
A new report claims that UEFA members have decided that a ban from the competition would be suitable punishment, but could it really happen?
Get a report of the Leeds United vs. Derby County 2018/19 English League Championship, Semifinals football match.
Get a report of the De Graafschap vs. Ajax Amsterdam 2018/19 Dutch Eredivisie, Regular Season football match.
MB Balakrishnan, a swimmer from India, has died in a road accident today, May 14th.
With the result, Abahani draw level with Chennaiyin on seven points from four games. CFC however remain top on goal difference.
A new report claims that UEFA members have decided that a ban from the competition would be suitable punishment, but could it really happen?
Football365 - Jose Mourinho thinks his successor Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is in danger of becoming a "puppet".
The Indian team, led by Virat Kohli, is aiming to win their third World Cup. Let's do a SWOT analysis on the India squad.
While some fans started to get irritated by Neesham's couldn't-care-less attitude, others praised him for deleting his tweet and supported his narrative about Dhoni's sending off by third umpire Nigel Llong.
Cricket News: Former India opener Virender Sehwag is known to call a spade a spade and he believes that there is no all-rounder in the Indian team who is as good as
World Cup 2019: India head coach Ravi Shastri agreed that capable players have missed out on the World Cup berth but said the national selectors have zeroed in on the best combination for the mega tournament.
Indias GS Lakshmi has become the first female match referee after the International Cricket Council (ICC) named the 51-year-old in its list of elite match officials on Tuesday. Big achievement
Dutee Chand said she does not want to reveal the name of her partner, but said her decision to make the information public was based on her belief that she has the right to live her life the way she wants it.
Catch all the live updates from the fifth ODI between England and Pakistan at Headingley

Andy Robertson insists Liverpool will not be affected by their frustrating Premier League title miss when they tackle Tottenham in the Champions League final.
RAFAEL NADAL is competing at the Italian Open this week but who is his partner Xisca Perello? Express Sport is on hand with all the details.
All-rounders are the flavour of the season and this World Cup will feature some of the best in the business. West Indies legend Clive Lloyd told Times of India that the ICCs flagship event in England and Wales will be World Cup of all-rounders. IANS takes 
Cricket News: India have featured in all editions of the World Cup since the tournament's inaugural edition in 1975, producing a number of stellar performances on t
Former Kiwi cricketer has expressed that India are a tough team to beat because of the camaraderie MS Dhoni and Virat Kohli share on and off the field.
After the recent Australian tour, Indian Hockey team members arrived to a rousing reception in Bhubaneswar today. The team will kick start its preparations for the much-awaited FIH Men's Series Final to be held at Kalinga Stadium here from June 6 to June 15.
Last game of the season.
Former South Africa captain AB de Villiers revealed that he wanted to play the 2019 World Cup, but "felt cornered" by expectation and criticism. De Villiers said his desire to spend more time with his family forced him to retire from international cricket.
With a unique action, Bumrah will be key to India's chances in the upcoming World Cup with many experts believing the 25-year old pacer will make all the difference.
Australia head coach Justin Langer was delighted with Steve Smith's progress ahead of the ICC Mens Cricket World Cup 2019 and called him the key to their success at the tournament.
Cricket News: India took a bold decision by investing in Chahal and Kuldeep, and reaped benefits; however, with teams studying them threadbare ahead of the World Cu
This talented Manchester United youngster targets a move to Spanish giants FC Barcelona, as it has been reported that he wishes to play alongside Lionel Messi.
The duo played vital roles in providing good starts to Delhi in a highly successful campaign that saw them win their first play-off match in the history of the competition.
Manchester City now have the domestic treble, but the FA Cup final will, unfortunately, be remembered for Watford's PlayStation-like football.
West Indies have named a strong 10-man reserve squad featuring the likes of Dwayne Bravo and Kieron Pollard for the upcoming 2019 World Cup.
In December 2017, a photo of Afshan Ashiq throwing a stone at J&K police had gone viral, and everything changed for her.
The champions end the league season with a tough trip before the Cup Final
The fast bowler believes he can trouble batsmen at the World Cup with his pace and swing, despite the flat conditions in England
Alan Smith unsure whether Maurizio Sarri is right man to help them challenge Man City and Liverpool
Industrialist Vijay Mallya, who is battling against extradition from the United Kingdom to India, was finally replaced as the owner of the Caribbean Premier League (CPL) franchise Barbados Tridents on Saturday. The USA-based CMG Companies (CMG) led a team of 
Man City won the domestic treble today.Juventus, Bayern Munich and Juventus have continued their league dominance in their respective countries.Either Liverpool or ...
Jason Roy was at a loss to explain how he had scored a match-winning century against Pakistan following an overnight visit to hospital with his baby daughter. Roys superb 114 was the centrepiece of Englands chase as they beat Pakistan at Trent Bridge on Fri
Atalanta will look to move one step closer to securing Champions League football next season when they face Juventus at the Allianz Stadium on Sunday #Atalanta #Juventus
The big match totals scored by both teams. Even though Pakistan lost the series 3-0, but don't write them off for the World Cup yet, so advises Jos Buttler.
No.4 seed Karolina Pliskova is into the Internazionali BNL dItalia final for the first time after ending Greek star Maria Sakkaris dream run in straight sets.
With a few months go for the World Championships, which is also an Olympic qualifier, the India Open will serve as the preparatory tournament for all the participants.
Afghanistan will have their last chance to tune-up for the ICC Men's Cricket World Cup 2019 when they take on Ireland in a two-match one-day international series, starting in Belfast on Sunday, 19 May.
Sri Lanka vs Scotland, SL vs Sco 1st ODI: Scotland vs Sri Lanka 1st ODI, supposed to be played at Grange Cricket Club in Edinburgh, was abandoned due to rain.
Get a report of the Bayern Munich vs. Eintracht Frankfurt 2018/19 German Bundesliga football match.
Noah Lyles produced a thrilling come-from-behind 100m victory over Christian Coleman in one of the key showdowns at the Shanghai Diamond League meeting on Saturday (18).
None
MS Dhoni's former Bihar and Railways teammate Satya Prakash marvelled the India wicketkeeper's ability to adapt to situations and insisted that his ability to keep sentiments away makes him peerless in modern-day cricket.
Brad Hodge took a dig at India skipper Virat Kohli, who posted an advertisement that also features Rishabh Pant. He later had to issue a clarification after facing backlash from the Indian fans.
ROGER FEDERER dropped a subtle hint about his playing schedule next year when he pulled out of the Italian Open.
Bentancur: 'Cristiano Ronaldo hates to lose, even in training!'
Australia wicket-keeper batsman Alex Carey stated that his team will focus on playing on their strengths in the upcoming ICC Cricket World Cup 2019 rather than changing their game plans according to the oppositions.
None
Dale Steyn remains a doubt for the opener against England on 30 May, while Kagiso Rabada and Lungi Ngidi have fully recovered.
England's opener says he spent the night at the hospital with his daughter, who condition is not believed to be serious.
CSK vs MI Match Final: Mumbai Indians beat Chennai Super Kings in the final of  Indian Premier League on 12 May. Some fans found this Cinderella tale a bit too hunky dory and vented both their anger and suspicion on social media
Pakistan were initially scheduled to tour Sri Lanka for two four-day and three 50-over matches
The All India Football Federation has already announced the participating teams but the venue of the upcoming tournament was made known to people on Saturday only,
After starring in Bangladesh's tri-series final triumph over West Indies, Mosaddek Hossain said the side was capable of doing just as well in the ICC Men's Cricket World Cup 2019.
Rival fans have been mocking United for winning the accolade
Mourinho has completely backtracked on his previous comments about Messi's Ballon d'Or chances!
Brad Hodge's all-time World Cup XI: Imran, Wasim, Warne and McGrath #WorldCup2019 #Imran #Wasim #McGrath #CWC19 #WorldCup Subscribe to ESPNcricinfo: http://b...
Powered by goals from Jessie Fleming, Christine Sinclair and Adriana Leon, Canada was dominant from the opening whistle until the last kick of the game.
The form of India's top shuttlers on the eve of 2019 Sudirman Cup is at a poorer level than it was at the Commonwealth Games even as the quality of competition in Nanning is much higher than it was in Australia.
Once the 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar is over, Lusail Stadium will be transformed into a community space including schools, shops, cafes, sporting facilities and health clinics.
Towering quick replaces a compatriot for the northern summer
Lionel Messi will be a big influence if Antoine Griezmann joins Barcelona this summer.
The war of words between Rafael Nadal's camp and Nick Kyrgios has continued, with the Spaniard's uncle and the maligned Australian now exchanging barbs.
According to the latest reports, Paris Saint Germain superstar Neymar Jr. continues to be on Real Madrid's radar and he has asked President Florentino Perez to sign Liverpool's star player to play alongside him next season.
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP): Neymar and David Neres are in for the Copa America; Lucas Moura and Vinicius Jr are out. Brazil coach Tite named his squad yesterday for the South American tournament, which starts in So Paulo on June 14. As expected, Paris...
In what can be a major boost for Team India ahead of the World Cup, Kedar Jadhav is not going to miss the upcoming competition.
Giannis Antetokounmpo grabbed 30 points and 17 rebounds and the Milwaukee Bucks never trailed on the way to a 125-103 victory over the Toronto Raptors.
Baku is hosting the Europa League final between Arsenal and Chelsea next week. But the presence of an Armenian player on Arsenal is creating headaches for all sides.
Powered by goals from Jessie Fleming, Christine Sinclair and Adriana Leon, Canada was dominant from the opening whistle until the last kick of the game.
J&K Cricket Association has sought early season matches in Kashmir. During the BCCI conclave for captains and the coaches of the domestic teams held in Mumbai on Friday, JKCA which was represented by the coach and captain of the teams put their suggestions. T
Former Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho says he's closer to taking his next job.He hopes to be back in the dugout before the beginning of the 2019/20 se
Powered by goals from Jessie Fleming, Christine Sinclair and Adriana Leon, Canada was dominant from the opening whistle until the last kick of the game.
The versatile Edwin Vanspaul has been signed up on a permanent move subject to transfer window regulations, a press release from former ISL champions Chennaiyin FC said.

India won that Chennai Test match courtesy a brilliant fourth innings by Sachin Tendulkar and in the end went on to win the two-match series 1-0. Laxman, however, did not manage to leave his mark in the Test series. He had scores of 37, 26, 0 and 15 in the tw
India open their World Cup campaign against South Africa, a team they beat 5-1 last year
Former Kiwi pacer Simon Doull reckons New Zealand's lower middle order will play a crucial role if the team has to go the distance at CWC 2019. He also belie...
MS Dhoni was at his absolute best for his side this year as he peeled off 416 runs in 15 games at an average of 83.20 and was one of the stalwarts for the side.
Get a report of the Aston Villa vs. Derby County 2018/19 English League Championship, Final football match.
England and South Africa go head-to-head in Cricket World Cup Match 1
Saurabh Chaudhary, earlier in the day, broke his own world record at the ISSF World Cup 2019.
The move is aimed at checking the BJPs plan to exploit the temple issue further and grab the space being vacated by Left parties like it did in West Bengal.
Cricket News: Wrist spinner Kuldeep is confident that he can do the job for captain Virat Kohli at the upcoming ICC World Cup  "Both Kohli and Dhoni are the backbo
Glenn McGrath retired from the international cricket after receiving the Player of the Tournament title in the 2007 edition of the World Cup, which Australia won.
Sebastian Vettel says Ferrari need to get their heads around the Pirelli tyres quickly as they are currently no match for rivals Mercedes...
Better love story than Twilight?
The Barcelona boss is under pressure at the Camp Nou
David Beckham fired cross-field balls one after another during Manchester United Legends vs Bayern Munich Legends and scored a goal as the Red Devils won 5-0.
The Blues' star Belgian looks set for the Spanish capital, while a transfer ban also hangs over the Stamford Bridge side
Barcelona failed to continue their dominance of the Copa del Rey, leaving plenty of questions about the future manager Ernesto Valverde
There is less than a week remaining, before IBF, IBO, WBA, WBO heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua makes his debut in the United States. The contest takes place on June 1 at Madison Square Garden in New York City.
The BJP-led NDA coalition made massive gains in the Hindi heartland, and virtually decimated the Oppositions caste-based alliances in UP and Bihar, where it triumphed over 103 of the total 120 seats.
Chelsea might lurch from one manager to another, because lurching around aimlessly is what you do when you don't have a philosophy to inform your actions. ...
The defender has responded to the rumors
NOVAK DJOKOVIC is on the verge of holding all four majors at the same time for the second time in his career and if he wins at the French Open it would surpass anything Roger Federer or Rafael Nadal or have achieved.
Virat Kohli and wife Anushka Sharma are always in the limelight and their fairy tale romance never fails to make headlines. Recently in one of the media interactions, Virat was asked about what has changed in him since marriage. The skipper stated that accord
Real Madrid captain Sergio Ramos isn't happy that Zinedine Zidane didn't side with him against club president Florentino Perez and is reportedly considering his future at the club.
Dealing with trolls is something celebrities have been struggling from time to time. While celebs choose to ignore, they reach a point when they cannot tolerate their comments and fight back. But in Anurag Kashyap's case, a troll's threat led to an FIR being 
Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is on the hunt for defensive reinforcements and reports in Spain claim one option could prove value for money.

Cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar is no mood to press the panic button after India's loss to New Zealand in their first World Cup warm-up game, saying Virat Kohli's men should utilise the practice matches to learn more about the conditions ahead of the main tou
The Blues' star Belgian looks set for the Spanish capital, while a transfer ban also hangs over the Stamford Bridge side
N'Golo Kante will miss the Europa League final against Arsenal on Wednesday after picking up a knee injury in training, sources have told ESPN FC.
Former Australia captain Ian Chappell feels that the teams which have balanced bowling attacks are the favourites to win the upcoming World Cup and India's variety in this department makes it a strong contender for the title.
Follow Pakistan vs Bangladesh live score, ICC World Cup warm up cricket match 2019 latest updates
MAX VERSTAPPEN and Valtteri Bottas collided in the pit lane at the Monaco Grand Prix.
Arun Jaitley was admitted to AIIMS last week for an undisclosed illness and was discharged on Thursday but did not attend celebrations at BJP headquarters that evening after the party's emphatic victory in general elections.
Here's everything you need to know about the NBA's championship round.
Last year, a committee featuring Jayawardene, Kumar Sangakkara and Aravinda de Silva had also submitted a report on Sri Lankan cricket, only to be ignored.
Catch all the World Cup buzz on the go right here | ESPNcricinfo.com
The mad scientist of centre-backs has his say on the ever-increasing demand for ball-playing centre backs
Sarfraz Nawaz also wants skipper Sarfraz Ahmed to take decisions intelligently.
Real Madrid hit Pochettino with the Comunicado Oficial, Mourinho speaks on the state of the club, and new Hazard reports
Toronto opened as a +260 underdog at Caesars Sportsbook in the series. In the past eight NBA Finals, only last season's Cavaliers were larger underdogs at the start than the Raptors.
Somerset ended their 14-year trophy drought by clinching the Royal London One-Day Cup
Lewis Hamilton found himself in a tricky situation in Monaco -- placed on the wrong tyres at the most challenging circuit in racing -- but he clung on to earn Mercedes a Monaco Grand Prix win.
What are Roger Federer's chances of making a deep run at Roland Garros? These areas probably hold the answer in his first French Open since 2015.
Manchester United are now in contact with wantaway Atletico Madrid attacker Antoine Griezmann.The Mirror says with his proposed move to Barcelona suddenly in je
All of the latest transfer news and rumours from around the Emirates
Barcelona failed to continue their dominance of the Copa del Rey, leaving plenty of questions about the future manager Ernesto Valverde
We have so many questions about the upcoming 6th entry in the Terminator franchise, like why Terminator: Dark Fate for a titleand not the working title
Former UFC middleweight champion Michael Bisping has offered up an interesting idea as to who Conor McGregor should call out next.
Cricket legend Allan Border has handpicked Virat Kohli, Eoin Morgan and Aaron Finch as the three skippers to watch out for in the ICC ODI World Cup, starting May 30 in the United Kingdom. Border, who led Australia to World Cup triumph in 1987, said Kohlis ag
The Blues' star Belgian looks set for the Spanish capital, while a transfer ban also hangs over the Stamford Bridge side
China and Japan stamped their indelible impress on the Sudirman Cup mixed team championships as the two most balanced all-round badminton nations in the world, when they eliminated Thailand and Indonesia, respectively, in the semi-finals.
IND vs NZ, ENG vs AUS ODI highlights: India and New Zealand will like to start things on a positive note ahead of their respective World Cup campaign.
Barcelona failed to continue their dominance of the Copa del Rey, leaving plenty of questions about the future manager Ernesto Valverde
Cricket News: Fifteen years after making his international debut and being in and out of the Indian team, Dinesh Karthik remains a topic of discussion and therefore
Check out the latest breaking UK and world cricket news, scores and highlights for the World Cup and Ashes 2019 right here.
Follow all the live cricket action and latest updates from the ICC World Cup warm-up match between India (IND) and Bangladesh (BAN).
SL invited to play Tests in Lahore, the site of the horrific terrorist in 2009, and Karachi in late 2019
Harley-Davidson may be the biggest name in American motorcycles, but the U.S. market is aging and shrinking. India and southeast Asia, with massive and growi...
Chelsea had only won one Premier League title and five cups before Petr Cech arrived on the backing of the wealth of the club's new owner Roman Abramovich and with the of fresh, hungry talent.
Vijay Shankar and Kedar Jadhav, the two claimants to the No. 4 role in the team apart from KL Rahul, have not done much to settle the debate in their favour since the announcement of the World Cup squad.
Defending champions Trinbago Knight Riders take on St Kitts & Nevis Patriots in Trinidad in the tournament opener on September 4
The duo's second show at Scotiabank Arena in Toronto has been canceled due to the load-in and set up for the NBA Finals.
Germany's Alexander Zverev beats Aussie John Millman 7-6(4), 3-6, 6-2, 6-7(5), 6-3 on Court Philippe-Chatrier at Roland Garros.
Dubai [UAE], May 28 (ANI): South African pacer Dale Steyn was on Tuesday ruled out of the team's opening match in the upcoming World Cup.
Still, at least he managed to calm himself to reach the French Open second round.
The Pakistan Cricket Board has decided not to renew chief selector Inzamam-ul-Haq and coach Mickey Arthur's contracts, which ends with the conclusion of World Cup in mid-July.
Chelsea had only won one Premier League title and five cups before Petr Cech arrived on the backing of the wealth of the club's new owner Roman Abramovich and with the of fresh, hungry talent.
Five teams, including India, are set to don home and away kits while participating in the ICC World Cup 2019 starting May 30. However, while teams like
Cricket World Cup excitement is building and RadioTimes.com has rounded up everything you need to know about the major event
As of now, there is no official confirmation regarding the 'Race 4' or Jadhav's association with it by the producers of the hit franchise. The first movie of the franchise which released in 2008 starred Saif Ali Khan and Akshay Khanna.
Here are the four solid reasons why Lionel Messi's first ever season as a Barcelona captain will go down as a flop:
Former Real Madrid player Raul Bravo and Borja Fernandez, along with fellow club youth productsCarlos Aranda, Iigo Lopez and Samu Saiz were among those arrested in suspicion of match fixing.
With the weight of expectations missing this time around, Faf du Plessis-led South Africa still stand a chance despite not being among the favourites of the World Cup 2019
McHugh moves to ATK from Scottish Premiership side Motherwell
Eden Hazard has said there have been no developments on his future at Chelsea but has ruled out ever joining another English club.
MADRID: Atletico Madrid confirmed Tuesday (May 28) they had signed Brazilian central defender Felipe from FC Porto on a three-year contract.
All you need to know about West Indies' World Cup campaign - their game plan, the must-see fixture, the player to get excited about, and more
"Spanish police have arrested as many as nine current and former football players in relation to an alleged match-fixing ring on Tuesday.

Two more..."
Ahead of the ICC Cricket World Cup 2019, we take a look at the most significant tournament numbers including the highest run-getters and wicket-takers.
Sebastian Vettel says Ferraris 2019 Formula 1 car is not as bad as it looks despite failing to win a race during the opening six rounds of the season.Vettel finished second behind Lewis Hamilton in the Monaco Grand Prix to deny Mercedes a sixth consecutive
Lasith Malinga made it to the Sri Lankan World Cup 2019 squad in what will almost surely be his last show at this level.
Helmut Marko believes the stewards were unfair to Max Verstappen in Monaco as they "are not his biggest fans".
Bhubaneswar: Two players from Odisha, Birendra Lakra and Amit Rohidas have been selected in the 18-member Hockey team for FIH series scheduled to begin at the Kalinga Stadium in Bhubaneswar from June 6.The Indian team will be led by skipper Manpreet
It is always important to have experienced players in the team to channelise the young turks in right direction mainly in mega-events.
Indian cricketer KL Rahul and Bollywood actress Alia Bhatts best friend Akansha Ranjan are reportedly dating each other.
Cricket News: Brett Lee has shared the dressing room with legendary Aussie bowlers, so when the 42-year-old former pacer says that the current Indian bowling line u
Fearsome quick Kagiso Rabada has become one of South Africa's most influential and inspirational figures. At the World Cup, he and his team could unify a disconnected country
A power-packed batting line-up, superb seam attack and two deadly spinners have expectations sky high for England's home World Cup
Real Madrids coach refuses to talk about Mbappe.
This 22-year-old star currently on loan at a Premier League club is reportedly keen on making a permanent move to England this summer. Manchester City and Manchester United are two of his biggest suitors and the player has apparently chosen the former option.
Serie A giants Juventus have reportedly announced that their star player and attack partner to Cristiano Ronaldo, will not be sold in the summer despite massive interest from Manchester United.
Serena Williams walked on to the court wearing a superhero cape during her first round French Open match.
Wozniacki has been struggling with a calf injury all through the clay season, and before that she was struck by a viral illness that slowed her down.
Teams always face ups and downs, but these moments were enough to break down even the strongest souls who play or watch the sport
Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is planning a rebuild of his first-team squad this summer, with his defensive options the subject of particular scrutiny.
Brazilian star Neymar has lost his national team's captaincy for the Copa America to veteran Dani Alves.
Players you need to pick for the WI-W vs IR-W Dream11 team
All the latest gossip from the Premier League - and the level of nonsense involved in it
All you need to know about Pakistan's World Cup campaign - their game plan, the must-see fixture, the player to get excited about, and more
All you need to know about India's World Cup campaign - their game plan, the must-see fixture, the player to get excited about, and more
Former Wigan Athletic and Everton coach Roberto Martinez is being lined up as a replacement for Ernesto Valverde should the Spaniard leave Barcelona presently.
Barcelona have won successive La Liga titles under Ernesto Valverde but have struggled in the Champions League
Abu Dhabi billionaire Sheikh Khaled bin Zayed Al Nehayan says he has agreed to terms with Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley to buy the club.
Batsman returns to make 89 against Sri Lanka after hobbling from the field when he was struck on the knee while fielding | ESPNcricinfo.com
Even after a heavy defeat, Lasith Malinga stuck around to teach Marcus Stoinis the secrets of his slower ball.
Tottenham Hotspur forward Harry Kane said he was hopeful on his return from a serious ankle injury ahead of the Champions League final.
Follow the live scorecard and ball-by-ball commentary of the England vs Afghanistan warm-up match being played at Kennington Oval in London
Get a report of the Aston Villa vs. Derby County 2018/19 English League Championship, Final football match.
It has been a team to admire in the history of the World Cup
The world chess body, FIDE, has decided to restore the Elo ratings of dozens of Indian players, whose ratings were banned by the All-India Chess Federation, AICF, nearly a decade ago.
Saurabh Chaudhary, earlier in the day, broke his own world record at the ISSF World Cup 2019.
Claycourt master Rafael Nadal quickly adapted to his new surroundings at Roland Garros with a 6-2, 6-1, 6-3 demolition of German qualifier Yannick Hanfmann in the first round of the French Open on Monday.
Liverpool Transfer News: Reds make a massive transfer decision as Liverpool chose to not make a move for Memphis Depay. Memphi Depay sparked several transfer rumours after he posted a video on Instagram, while boarding a plane with a caption "Merci Lyon". It 
Wicketkeeper Alex Carey says Australia were fully prepared for the hostile reception they received in Saturday's Cricket World Cup warm-up match against England.
Vishal Kaith, Germanpreet Singh, Nandha Kumar, Redeem Tlang, Bikramjit Singh, and Sumeet Passi are the ones who have been released ahead of the King's Cup, to be held in Buriram, Thailand from June 5-8.
Our NBA experts dive into the big Raptors-Warriors NBA Finals questions.
Man knocked down by vehicle in Toronto identified as former Sri Lankan cricketer Sanath Jayasuriya, said the headline of an article on a website, CBTV. According to the report, the former swashbuckling opener succumbed to his injuries a few hours after he w
FRENCH OPEN order of play: The second day of the second Grand Slam of the year takes place today and Express Sport is on hand to give you Mondays schedule.
South Africa opener Hashim Amla is getting ready for one of his careers biggest challenges  the ICC World Cup 2019  in the middle of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan. Amla, who like any devout Muslim is fasting from sunrise to sunset through these months, 
Chelsea had only won one Premier League title and five cups before Petr Cech arrived on the backing of the wealth of the club's new owner Roman Abramovich and with the of fresh, hungry talent.
New Zealand batting mainstay Ross Taylor is preparing to play in his fourth World Cup but he has not ruled out featuring in another one four years later as he get "inspired" by West Indian Chris Gayle.
After a well-rounded performance against the second ranked India at The Oval, New Zealand look to maintain consistency when they take on West Indies in their last warm-up game on Tuesday.
India skipper Virat Kohli has said that England could be the first team to breach the 500-run mark in the upcoming ICC Cricket World Cup 2019.
New names and plenty of movement all around.
Sebastian Vettel ensured the Mercedes one-two run ended at five, while Charles Leclerc saw no reward for his 'to hell with it' strategy at the Monaco GP.
