Google I/O 2019: Here's how to download the Android Q Beta 3 on Google Pixel 3 XL, as well as on OnePlus 6T, Realme 3 Pro, Nokia 8.1, Asus ZenFone 5Z and Huawei Mate 20 Pro.
To be held at Shoreline Amphitheatre in Mountain View (California), the Google I/O developer conference 2019 will kick-off on May 7 and will run till May 9. Google Pixel 3a, Pixel 3a XL Launching in India on May 8, 2019; Teased Online on Flipkart Ahead of Off
Google Pixel 3a smartphone is priced at  39,999 in India.It has a great camera, promises updates and thats that
Google Android Q top five features to look forward to including Dark Theme, Focus mode, new privacy settings, support for foldable phones, and more.
Redmi Note 7 Pro (Review) price in India starts from Rs. 13,999, for its 4GB of RAM/ 64GB of inbuilt storage variant.
Quick, essential info
The Google Nest Home Max combines a Google Home Hub, Nest Cam, and Google Home Max for a booming virtual assistant that controls everything. Check out our fa...
None
Most developers should be familiar with Google's cross-platform, portable UI framework Flutter, which can make developing apps for both Android and iOS a whole lot easier. In fact, it just recently hit 1.0 late last year. Today, at the company's I/O developer
EA says its looking to bring the hit battle royale game Apex Legends to mobile, which would help it better compete against games like Fortnite and PUBG.
Flutter 1.5 takes a massive step forward, creating a single native platform for the entire development process from development through to publishing!
May.07 -- The European Union will start a formal probe of Apple Inc. in the next few weeks following Spotify Technology SAs antitrust complaint, the Financi...
Season 9 is coming later this week. Here are a few prayers of one man to the Fortnite Gods.
Google's Live Relay research project helps people who are deaf or hard of hearing take voice calls.
Google showcased the next-generation Google Assistant, Assistant driving mode, Assistant support in Waze, a more personal Assistant, and more at Google I/O 2019. Additionally, Google also revealed that it is bringing Assistant&rsquo;s Duplex feature to the We
Available now on Nintendo Switch. | Build a "legitimate" corporation by completing open world missions, acquiring businesses, sabotaging competitors, and "re...
CNET takes the wraps off and dives deep into Google's new budget-friendly phones, the Pixel 3A and 3A XL. For more info, read our full review here: https://w...
Google confirms the previously leaked Nest Hub Max, an updated smart display that now has a camera to recognize your face when you come home.
We're getting our first run-down of consumer-facing features for Android Q.
PS4 owners can download Overcooked and What Remains of Edith Finch with PlayStation Plus in May 2019.
Android 10 Q beta 3 is available today on more devices than any previous Android beta has been available on before. Android Q has dark mode, better gestures,...
Google is making it easier for users in emerging markets to access information around them via Google Lens. The feature leverages Lens within Google Search to read text out loud.
Sundar Pichai kicked off Google IO 2019 with an introduction to the company's new focus of helping you get things done which is a shift away from the old foc...
Electronic Arts today revealed it'd be offering EA Access, its game subscription service, for PS4 owners -- meaning Sony's console gets the service five years after its competitor, ...
Apple today uploaded a new video to its YouTube channel promoting its iPhone trade-in program, which allows people to trade in their older devices...
You can now add a GIF, a video, or photos to retweets. Because actually writing out a comment is too much like hard work.
A new concept video imagines Apples tablet without the limitations on file management that frustrate so many iPad users.
Amazon recently updated Alexa with a feature that lets it automatically turn on the lights, read out the traffic, play music, start your morning news briefing and more, all when you turn off your morning alarm.
Nine of the best apps of the year picked by Google on the Play Store include Marvel Strike Force, Envision AI and more.
In this episode: -October 2018 Update crawls up to 29.3 percent of Windows 10 PCs https://www.windowscentral.com/october-2018-update-crawls-293-percent-windo...
Samsung says 3 out of four premium smartphones sold in India in March were from the Galaxy S10 series, as per Gfk data.
ZTE Axon 10 Pro is finally available in China: here is a comparison with the affordable Xiaomi Mi 9 and Honor V20!
Yesterday, it was officially announced that the Realme X (and Realme X Youth Edition) will launch on May 15 in China. While we wait, the companys CMO, Xu Qi Chase has shared a live photo of the device. The image highlights the phones full-screen display. Th
The Asus ZenFone 6 prices leaked ahead of May 16 launch
Unfortunately, the periscope zoom lens that we were seeing in the renders is missing.
Fortnite World Cup
Besides the iPhone X, the iPhone 6S is also available on discount at Rs 27,999.
This is not the first time Microsoft is doing something incredible, earlier it has covered Bash shell on Windows, including Ubuntu, Fedora,
Redmi flagship may be unveiled on May 13, two days ahead of Realme&rsquo;s China debut with Realme X smartphone.
Mario, Smash and Yoshi all climb
GTA 6 is the most anticipated topic in gaming zones. And game lovers are vigorously waiting for the release date.
Apple and Google have removed three dating apps from their online stores after the US Federal Trade Commission (FTC) alleged the apps allowed kids as young as 12 to access them.
Apple is widely expected to announce iOS 13, the next update for iOS that runs iPhones and iPads, at the WWDC 2019 keynote on June 3.
Microsoft had recently announced that it was migrating Edge to Chromium, the open-source platform which also offers the base for Google Chrome.
The OnePlus 7 Pro is said to come with triple rear cameras, pop-up selfie camera, and up to 12GB of RAM.
It mostly focuses on squashing bugs.
The Vivo S1 Pro features a 6.39-inch FHD+ Super AMOLED display with an aspect ratio of 19.5.9 and comes equipped with octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 675 SoC.
May.06 -- Apple Inc. is planning to unleash a slew of new apps, features and development tools at its annual software conference next month. Bloomberg's Mark...
I listened to four years of my Alexa archive, and found thousands of fragments of my life.
In this ongoing Amazon Summer Sale 2019, Amazon.in is offering lucrative deals on fitness bands and trackers. The sale which will last till May 7, offers a range of products at attractive discounts. So, if you are looking forward to buying a fitness band for 
Flipkart and Amazon are hosting summer sales on their platform from May 4 to May 7. During the sale period, smartphones and gadgets are on a discount. We have selected the best deals on the two websites.
Gameloft games getting Xbox Live isn't the only bit of mobile-relevant news coming out of Microsoft's 2019 //Build conference, as the Washington-based company is also teasing something interesting with their massively popular Minecraft IP. It appears to be so
HMD updated its webpage where all of the released official Nokia phone updates are listed for easier tracking later on.
Faux flagship does a lot for less
Google announced that it is launching a major design overhaul of Android Auto that will roll out to all compatible automobiles this summer.
At Build 2019developer conference, Microsoftannounced a bunch of new features for its new Chromium-based Microsoft Edge browser. The company also sharedhow the brand-newMicrosoft Edge will simplify development and improve the productivity of consumers, de
Sony has announced that the second State of Play livestream is coming May 9 and will feature an extended look at MediEvil, the first look at a new title, and more.
Cookies are small text files that follow users on the internet and are the basis on which advertisers target consumers on the specific interest they have displayed while browsing.
Like in previous years, Microsoft is expected to offer a livestream of this year's Build 2019 keynote. Even if you're not an attendee of the show, which is slated to kick off on Monday, May 6, you'll be able to still follow the latest Microsoft news and keep 
Read the full camera review: http://andauth.co/SohDzo | Camera 3:60 is a show where we break down a camera in about 3 minutes time! This show is design to gi...
Its the game that helped office workers everywhere get through their work days, and now the OG time-wasting game, Microsoft Solitaire, has been inducted into theWorld Video Game Hall of Fame. Microsoft Solitairemeets 
The OnePlus 7 Pro won't have an IP rating, but there's nothing really wrong with that. Read why that isn't a problem here.
Explore Microsofts cutting-edge quantum computing lab in Lyngby, Denmark. Subscribe to Microsoft on YouTube here: https://aka.ms/SubscribeToYouTube Follow u...
"We actually really wanted to separate Rage 2 from Rage, both in the gameplay style and in the story."
Xiaomi Mi Mix 4  is codenamed "Hercules" and it will boast top-of-the-line specifications.
Making robots swear for fun (and science) is far from a novelty on the internet. But this new video of a reprogrammed cleaning robot Roomba will still tickle your funny bone. This new gag comes from YouTuber Michael Reeves,whos previously built a robot that
Realme X has been spotted in a laptop review video on YouTube and the date for its launch in China has been tipped to be May 15, 2019.
Apple's 2019 iPhone XS successor could have a new antenna design for improved indoor navigation, according to reliable analyst Ming-Chi Kuo
YouTube engineers, however, had programmed the banner to randomly display browsers like Firefox, Internet Explorer 8 and Opera. This is How YouTube Employees Plotted To Kill Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 Nearly 10 Years Ago.
May.03 -- Huawei Technologies Co. overtook Apple Inc. to claim the No. 2 spot in smartphones in the first quarter. Bloomberg's Mark Gurman reports on "Bloomb...
While the exact process of new app ratings has not been disclosed, Google is believed to take into account more recent reviews, instead of older ones.
That's 1,000 mAh smaller than what the Moto E5 ships with.
The technical specifications list for the OnePlus 7 Pro has leaked online, throwing up all details about the OnePlus 7 Pro.
We live in a post AirPods era where we are now seeing just about all major manufacturers coming up with their own iteration of truly wireless earphones. But ...
We are not ruling out the possibility that the company could launch the Mi 9 SE or just rebrand the phone as the Mi A3.
Remember the Google Nexus 5? About six years ago this device was the poster boy of Android. A device that delivered great value and a pure play Android experience at a time when we hadnt heard the term flagship killer. I was reminded about the Nexus 5 almost
Samsung has unveiled a new 64-megapixel ISOCELL Bright GW1 image sensor today which is great news for the Galaxy Note ...
New Delhi, May 09 (ANI): Wearables such as smart watches and fitness trackers are meant to tell you how much calories you burnt, notifications from your apps...

Its here. The first look at Fortnite Battle Royales 9th Season skins has leaked just hours before the launch of the v9.00 update! Posted by a French Instagram account, the image showcases 6 skins in the typical line-up fashion seen in previous seasonal prom
Here we have picked five smartphones which have the best of features in this price segment and are recently launched to make your buying decision easy.
The Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) has extended Bumper Offer period for prepaid subscribers, which provides additional 2.21GB data per day, till June 30. The telecom major has reportedly updated its prepaid plans to confirm this offer extension.
From camera to specifications, here's all we know about the Samsung Galaxy Note 10 so far.
ASUS will be launching the ZenFone 6 series on May 16. The Taiwanese firm is expected to announce as many as three smartphones through the upcoming launch event. There could be a ZenFone 6 mid-range phone, a ZenFone 6 Lite entry-level smartphone and a ZenFone
Google's third beta version of Android 10 includes dark theme, new gesture navigation and more! Check out what's new! https://www.androidcentral.com/android-...
One possible fix is to sign up for your phone's Open Beta program.
A new rumor lists down the PS5 specs and mentions how Sony recently held a meeting about the PS5 and has images as "proof."
Google tells app developers to make their requests for location information understandable to users.
Combining human reviewers as well as Artificial Intelligence (AI), Facebook-owned photo-messaging app Instagram is planning to roll out a new feature that would let users appeal to take down controversial content and allow them to request a review of any cont
Gordon explains why AMD processors coming to Lenovo's popular ThinkPad line is a big deal, and why businesses might finally be ok jumping to it. Read the ful...
Google is following through on a promise it made when it unveiled Android Q. As of the newly launched beta, apps running in the background can no longer launch activities. Google has a good reason for doing this, but it's sure to upset the users of automation
The Mortal Kombat developers are &quot;actively looking into all allegations.&quot;
Dyson has launched three new products in India with the aim of making the life of its users simpler and better.
At Google I/O 2019, Google has revealed its efforts towards accessibility such as Live Caption on Android Q, Live Relay, and Live Transcribe. Read on!
It is always interesting to check detailed and honest camera comparisons that involve some of the best smartphone cameras around like Nokia 9 PureView and Huawei P30 Pro. In fact, while P30 Pro got
Google has just presented its latest innovations at its annual I/O event for 2019. There was plenty of cool tech shown by the big G, but here are the five bi...
It could be the Snapdragon 730 phone that Xiaomi's VP teased last month.
The video-centric vernacular social media platform has been through rather turbulent times, having been questioned on how it impacts the mental health of its users.

As part of the Android Q update, Google has added a slew of brand new non-binary or gender fluid emoji that can be used right now exclusively on Pixel devices.
The Season 6 of the popular Battle Royale game, PUBG Mobile is nearing end and is going to be succeeded by the next season on 16th this month. This season brought lots of exciting things to the game including new []
Google announced a host of privacy features including new cookie controls, anti-fingerprinting, and anti-history manipulation for Chrome at Google I/O 2019.
This is a couple of months ahead of schedule, based on how long it took Oreo to cross the 10% mark.
Since the era of bezel-less phones, we have seen OEMs adopt various design styles ranging from the iPhone X-styled notch, water drop notch, punch-hole, pop-up and sliding design, aimed at reducing the display bezels. The main goal is to increase the screen-to
The year 2019 didnt start well for HMD Global since Nokia smartphones are out of the top 10 list of smartphone brands. We could say that HMD is currently in the turbulent waters caused by so
As the iPhone XI move from dual to triple camera, the XR model will remain one camera short.
Google has a new feature that will automatically delete the data it has on how you use its apps and what you do on the web.
Google has a new feature that will automatically delete the data it has on how you use its apps and what you do on the web.
Tencent has been rattled by a Chinese government crackdown on gaming launched last year that has choked off game approvals.
Google's latest mid-range smartphones, the Pixel 3a and 3a XL, are nearly half the price of its current flagship handsets. Here's a first look at their featu...
There was a time when Samsung used to release its flagship phones in white. The white versions weren't the most ...
The TENAA listing suggests that the Realme X will sport a 6.5-inch notch-less display, an in-display fingerprint sensor, and a 3,680mAh battery.
After the 50GB data cap is fulfilled, unlimited internet can be browsed at throttled down 80Kbps of speed.
Google has announced to introduce new features in the Google Lens along with augmented reality-based search results through Google Search.
Business software maker SAP and Apple are teaming up to help clients develop their own mobile business applications using Apple's machine-learning technology.
At the Google I/O 2019 event, the company showcased a host of revolutionary features for the voice assistant. See changes and full details
At present, Apex Legends is available on the Sony PlayStation 4 consoles, Microsoft Xbox One consoles and PCs.
Today kicked off Google I/O 2019, the companys annual developer conference and the initial keynote was stuffed to the brim with big news. Despite being under 2 hours long, Sundar Pichai and 
To be held at Shoreline Amphitheatre in Mountain View (California), the Google I/O developer conference 2019 will kick-off on May 7 and will run till May 9. Google Pixel 3a, Pixel 3a XL Launching in India on May 8, 2019; Teased Online on Flipkart Ahead of Off
Today at Google I/O, the company announced features in Google Search that utilize Google Lens and augmented reality (AR).
None
May.07 -- The European Union will start a formal probe of Apple Inc. in the next few weeks following Spotify Technology SAs antitrust complaint, the Financi...
Half a year ago, at the Android Dev Summit, Google announced a new way for developers to force their users to update their apps when they launch new features or important bug fixes. Its only now, at Google I/O, though, that the company is actually making thi
At the risk of sounding too optimistic, 2019 might be the year of the private web browser. In the beginning, browsers were a cobbled together mess that put a premium on making the contents within look good. Security was an afterthought  Internet Explorer is 
Trending News Two PDP workers shot at in Shopian No progress on 14-year-old Mughal road tunnel project Leh 'bribery' case|After court directive, Police register FIR against BJP leaders Plea Against Constitutional amendments|HC asks Centre, J&K govt to respond
Google's Duplex AI reservation system will soon work on the web.
None
Google Assistant is pretty fast, but its hardly as conversational as a real person. Thats in large part because using the Assistant requires a constant connection to the cloud, where a server sorts through 100GB worth of AI models, and beams the relevant in
Amazon recently updated Alexa with a feature that lets it automatically turn on the lights, read out the traffic, play music, start your morning news briefing and more, all when you turn off your morning alarm.
Samsung said today that it cannot predict when it will be able to ship its innovative Galaxy Fold smartphone.
Time for some big official discount on Nokia 6.1 Plus and Nokia 5.1 Plus, two top-selling Nokia smartphones in India. HMD India is offering Rs 1750 discount on Nokia 6.1 Plus 4GB RAM and Nokia 5.1 
In this episode: -October 2018 Update crawls up to 29.3 percent of Windows 10 PCs https://www.windowscentral.com/october-2018-update-crawls-293-percent-windo...
Xiaomi has started rolling out MIUI 10.3.2 global stable update based on Android 9.0 Pie to its Redmi Note 6 Pro. Here's everything you need to know about it.
Three Ukrainian-owned dating apps were yanked from Apple and Google app stores after the United States government found they potentially violated a federal law involving minors.
Not settling!
Besides the iPhone X, the iPhone 6S is also available on discount at Rs 27,999.
The Honor 20 Lite specifications include 6.21-inch display, Kirin 710 SoC, runs on Android 9.0 Pie and packs triple rear cameras.
This is not the first time Microsoft is doing something incredible, earlier it has covered Bash shell on Windows, including Ubuntu, Fedora,
shares Facebook Twitter Google+ WhatsAppLooking for a bargain flagship smartphone with more RAM and storage? The Asus ZenFone 5z high-spec model has gotten a price cut and this is probably the most affordable flagship smartphone that comes with 256GB of stora
A OnePlus user has filed a petition on the OnePlus forums to remove a new feature intelligent cleanup from the File Manager as he believes it poses a threat to privacy and user data.
'Rage 2' won't be done when it ships -- the open-world shooter wil have at least two paid expansions.
Xiaomi Redmi 7 comes with better screen design and battery than Redmi 6-series. Heres our detailed review of the new budget phone.
Our stream recap of the 5.5+GHz AMD Ryzen 2700X CPU overclocking, covering the results of our liquid nitrogen benchmarks on AMD. Ad: Buy Gigabyte's Z390 Mast...
Recently, thenew flagship OnePlus 7 Pro still were leaked online, and then published and images of the basic version of the new mobile.They confirmed that the appearance of OnePlus 7 will be almost identical to its predecessor,OnePlus 6T.

At first glanc
Priced at  10,990, the Nokia 4.2 is a decent smartphone that can fulfill most expectations of an entry level user.It faces strong competition from the Redmi 7 and Samsung Galaxy M20 in terms of power, display quality and overall build
A how, why and what of a changed market
Samsung Galaxy A9 (2018) and Samsung Galaxy A7 (2018) have received a price cut in India. The phones are available at discounted prices on Samsung India website.
Average contract prices for 512GB and 1TB SSDs are expected to fall below US$0.1 or INR 7 per GB by the end of 2019.
OnePlus 7 Pro is coming on May 14. From HDR 10+ display to pop-up selfie camera, here are five features confirmed on OnePlus 7 Pro.
A round-up of all the big stories from the world of technology during the week.
WhatsApp 2.19.130 Android beta update will start to show sticker preview in the notification like it does for a text message and an emoji.
Xiaomi is testing out a new photo editing feature within the MIUI Gallery app that lets users replace the sky with different sky presets. Read on for more!
Samsung has taken high-resolution sensors to the next level.
ANDROID is braced for a radical upgrade later this year when Google releases the newest version of the operating system, Q. However, it appears the fresh software could scrap a very handy feature and here is what fans need to know.
The device has an Exynos 9609 which is an octa-core processor like the Exynos 9610 but with lower clock speed.
Apple is testing its new A13 chipset which will power the iPhone 11. The new iPhones will come with triple-rear camera and wireless charging.
Apple will reportedly drop iOS 13 support for the iPhone 5s, iPhone SE, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air and iPad Mini 2.
AMAZON'S Echo is free again as BT deal offers fans the chance to own a smart speaker without paying a penny.
What would you take along on a deserted island? For the innumerable people hooked on to PUBG in India, the answer is: 99 players, one smartphone and loads of guns. How did this mobile game become a weapon of mass distraction?
Game for Peace, a Tencent game, is a censored version of PUBG, made available in China on Weibo.
Tinder hopes to keep its dating empire growing with a lightweight app that would work with limited data and storage.
Ice universe has retaken to Twitter with another teaser about the upcoming Samsung Galaxy Note 10. This time, he has got people speculating and talking about something that the flagship phablet series may, or may not, have.
The iPhone XR launched last year as a cheaper version of the iPhone XS and iPhone XS Max. While it did skip on some features of its more expensive siblings such as using an LCD panel instead of OLED and having a single rear camera instead of two, the iPhone X
The topic of the mystery OS finally came up at Google I/O. Apparently its more experiment than practical project at this point.
The gender-neutral faces have been created after accusations of sexism because emojis have usually appeared to be male since they were invented in Japan in 1997.
There have been a couple instant death locations last season due to the Unvaulting event, but now the bug is back in Season 9 around Neo Tilted. Fortnite Battle Royale Season 9 dropped on May 9 that included complete redesigns of Tilted Towers and Retail Ro
The Powerbeats Pro are now the true wireless earbuds to... Beat
A new leak has revealed Vivo has a new mid-range phone in development. The device, which is called the Vivo Y3, shares a lot of its specs and even design with the already announced Vivo Y17. The Vivo Y3 has a 6.35-inch display with a 1544 x 720 display. The s
Some juicy news for Pokemon fans
The building acts as an exemplar of the type of impression that Apple aims to accomplish at its new stores globally
In this weeks top stories:Our full Powerbeats Pro review, new iOS 13 and watchOS 6 details, production begins on the Apple A13 processor, Google undercuts the iPhone XR, and more. Read on f
Nokiamobile is organizing a Nokia Mobile Fan Festival in India. This isnt a classical festival since the main performers arent music bands or movie stars, but price discounts on selec
The source also mentions a Snapdragon 600 series chipset for the device.
People tend to trust machines more than humans when it comes to sharing private information and access to their financial data, an Indian-origin researcher has stressed
OnePlus has opened up a beta program for its Gallery app on the OxygenOS 9, which means that company will allow beta testers to get an early preview of the new features intended as well as changes in design which would be coming through the update.
Microsoft announced this week that they will be bringing back the Windows Power Toys so that a new generation of users can enjoy them. To start they will be offering two new Power Toys, but have a list of others that they hope to add.
When the Mukesh Ambani led telecom operator started operation in India, it attacked the market with ultra-cheap data tariff options. Firstly, Reliance Jio started giving away free data and calling and to extend these benefits, Jio also introduced Prime member
Ubisoft has confirmed that Ghost Recon Breakpoint solo mode will require a persistent internet connection to play.
9 predictions from old sci-fi movies that actually came true
A spanish Youtuber has shared the video of the alleged ZenFone 6Z which has a unique slider that slides both upwards & downwards. See full details
Here is list of top smartphones under Rs 15,000 price bracket in India in May 2019. See full list of smarpthones from Samsung, Mi, Honor [With Buying links]
Google's not-so-secretive Fuchsia OS, long believed to be a replacement for Android and Chrome OS, is just another Google experiment.
The 128GB variant of the Oppo F11 Pro costs Rs 25,990, which is only Rs 1,000 more than the variant with 64GB storage space.
Tiles is a useful new addition to Google's smartwatches. Here's what it means for the future of Wear OS.
Google has made a major announcement regarding how it tracks users which appears to give power back to the people in terms of data privacy controls. Appearances can, of course, be deceptive
Cook visited Orlando, Florida and surprised a 16-year-old coder, Liam Rosenfeld, who is one of the 350 scholarship winners attending Apple's annual WWDC next month.Get latest Technology online at cnbctv18.com
The Samsung Galaxy A7 (2018) is now available at a starting price of Rs 15,990, while the Galaxy A9 (2018) post the price cut comes at a starting price of Rs 25,990.
OnePlus still holds the fort in the premium mid-range sector and is closely being followed by Google.
Smartwatch fans have been waiting eagerly for Google to release their own Pixel smartwatch, especially ever since the search-engine giant bought the Fossil technology. CEO Sundar Pichai Spotted Wearing Fossil Sport Smartwatch at Google I/O 2019.
In collaboration with popular online stores Gearbest and GearVita, Chinese electronics giant Xiaomi is offering top variants of its recently..
The Android Q Beta 3 is available to download now if you've got a Pixel phone or supported phone, but if you want to wait for the official release you'll be hanging on until autumn
San Francisco, May 10 : While addressing Googles I/O Developers Conference 2019 in California, company CEO Sundar Pichai was spotted wearing a Fossil Sport smartwatch priced at USD 199, roughly Rs 14,000 in India.
We bring you a list of the top five best smart bands you can buy in India right now for under Rs. 3,000.
A tweet from HTC that was disseminated today reveals that the HTC U12+ will finally be updated to Android 9 sometime next month. The tweet also revealed when the HTC U11 and U11+ will be updated....
The new hue is actually closer to lavender than gray and has a speckled finish, unlike the two launch colors.
MacBook's aren't cheap, so keeping them well protected is a good plan if you want yours to keep its new-laptop luster for more than a year or two. Finding the best MacBook Pro cases can be a matter of preference, but we've put together a list of our favorites
Among the many Assistant announcements at Google I/O 2019, perhaps some of the most heart-warming came from the new accessibility features. One of those, built for the many who are deaf or are otherwise hard of hearing, is called Live Caption, a captioning se
Google has already pushed out one of the new features it announced at I/O. Type in the name of a particular podcast in Google Search and you can listen to it directly from the app....
And as part of a recent reorganization, we also have a better understanding now about how the firm will evolve Windows moving forward.
Google says its next-generation OS isn't just about Android or Chrome, but about the future of computing on multiple form factors.
Rolls out 4.2 series priced at 10,990
According to a news report on Friday, the smartphone brand has advanced its launch date in India.Oppo earlier had said that the Reno series will come to India on 27 June
It's one of the best laptops for 2019, and it's on sale for just $1,299.99 today.
Since the arrival of Android 8 Oreo, something has changed among smartphone manufacturers. Although there is still a lot of work to be done, there ...
We are still waiting for the official launch of the Redmi Snapdragon 855 smartphone and until its launch, we keep getting salient information in trickles. ...
In the recent State of Play, Sony unveiled a limited edition variant of the PS4 that will sport a fresh new industrial design that will feature a steel-grey finish.
The fabled iPhone 11 will have a giant, inelegant camera bump on its back, according to the latest spurious leak to hit the cyber highways. The rumour st | Trusted Reviews
Not an iOS app as hoped
Slowly but steadily, developers are being given the tools with which to tame the promiscuous and often insecure world of the browser cookie.
Buoyed by the distinct appeal of its phones, the Honor brand was on a roll last year with sales rising double digits in a stagnating market. The phone maker is determined to keep the momentum going...
OnePlus 7, OnePlus 7 Pro India launch:Heres what to expect from the latest flagship smartphone series.
OnePlus has partnered with Netflix and National Geographic to showcase the powers of its camera.
Update: Lu Weibing has revealed on Weibo that the Redmi K20 is a flagship killer and he added that the K-series will include performance driven flagship phones. So, K stands for Killer! Original Story: Yesterday, Redmi General Manager Lu Weibing had claimed t
Samsung Galaxy M30 price in India starts Rs. 14,990 for the base 4GB RAM/ 64GB inbuilt storage variant, Galaxy M20 price in India starts at Rs. 10,990 for the base 3GB RAM/ 32GB storage variant.
It's another Apple update day.
Or could it be a new pro-level EOS R mirrorless snapper?
Every once in a while, Huawei tries to show us it can take its crazy naming scheme up a notch. The Huawei P20 Lite 2019 is its latest attempt at doing so. The last time it pulled such a trick was in 2017 when it launched the Huawei P8 Lite 2017 a.k.a. Huawei 
"An advanced cyber actor" exploited a major flaw in the Facebook-owned messaging service, WhatsApp confirms.
Jio, the largest mobile data network, has announced special cash back offer with the upcoming launch of new smartphone Jio-OnePlus 7 Series. With excitement building for the launch of the OnePlus 7 Series, the brand is bringing for its customers a unique Jio
Take-Two Interactive Software reported revenues that fell short of analyst expectations for the fourth-fiscal quarter ended March 31.
A midrange Reno device is on the way.
The Galaxy Fit-e is Samsung's inexpensive fitness tracker released during the Unpacked event. Find out what it's capable of doing in our review!
Indian art production studio joins Red Dead Redemption publisher as Starbreeze continues to struggle
Tired of having to turn on your lamps, fans, space heaters, and coffee makers the old way? Switches are for suckers! Add some serious smarts to all of your dumb old devices with a killer sale happe
The developers behind the upcoming gameOuter Wilds have revealed that the PC version of the game will be exclusive to the Epic Games Store at launch.
None
Reviewing Sea of Thieves Tall Tales, which adds the Shores of Gold quest campaign to the game and sets the stage for further lore and story to come to the game with future updates.
Amazon India is now selling Nokia True Wireless Earbuds BH-705 at Rs 7599, the lowest price ever for the award-winning Earbuds. This is Rs 2400 less than the official price of Rs 9999. Click on the
Linus Torvalds has finally released the stable version of Linux Kernal 5.1 with some amazing memory and security improvements.
GRAND Theft Auto fans should definitely tune in to E3 2019, as Rockstar is tipped to announce a brand new game.
Google has announced Kotlin as one of the most-loved languages. More than 50% of developers are using Kotlin to develop their apps.
Samsung's 2019 Galaxy A smartphone lineup expanded rather quickly, with nearly 10 devices having gone official in just four months. ...
Great offers on all types of Honor devices.
New York-headquartered Rockstar Games Inc. has acquired Indian development studio Dhruva Interactive Pvt. Ltd from Swedish developer
Murthy Renduchintala, the chief engineer and president of Technology, Systems Architecture, and Client Group at Intel said that the "Tick-Tock" model is no longer relevant and that the future of the microprocessor industry will be built upon the new process a
There's some information out today about the Galaxy Note 10 aspect ratio which won't surprise you one bit. The device ...
Realme 3 becomes the number one smartphone on online channels.
Google is allowing users to auto-delete web and app activity from their Google accounts on a schedule. Here's how.
Apple's 2019 iPhone XR is expected to bring with itself a number of significant changes that may well make it the most lucrative to buy of all the new iPhones.
Global smartphone shipments predicted to decrease from 1.89 billion units last year to 1.80 billion this year.

Eastern nations continue to register large numbers of WannaCry detections
Apart from announcing updates to iOS 12, macOS Mojave watchOS and tvOS, Apple is also likely to announce a new Mac Pro at the WWDC 2019.
Nokia 8.1, Nokia 7.1, Nokia 8 Sirocco, and Nokia 6.1 Plus have received discounts under the Nokia Phones Fan Festival on the Nokia website.
With the sudden technological boom within the IT and development organisations a couple of years ago, both Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning have now become the trending careers for a lot of people to follow. The 6 Most Important Technologies 
Pay for some key tech roles is outpacing others; but one big job has surprisingly seen salary decline.
The Spotify Lite Beta app can be downloaded separately and can be used either alongside or independently from the main Spotify app.
Vivo V15 Pro has received a new variant with 8GB of RAM, while the base variant of the phone has received a price cut.
None
Google could be targeting the next generation of smart devices with their in-development experimental operating system.
A new billboard ad of Google was unveiled in Washington which has the same picture clicked by Pixel 3a  the companys latest affordable premium dev
Motorola One Vision is rumoured to come with 6.3-inch 21:9 display, dual rear cameras, Exynos 9609 SoC and runs on Android 9.0 Pie.
OnePlus will also be launching a series of pop-up stores on May 15 across India for one day only.
The blurring lines between fashion and technology.
Apples next iOS 13 update could make these iPhone models outdated soon.
China-based Transsion Holdings' itel Mobile is set to launch a new feature-packed smartphone in India on May 16 that would take Redmi 6A head on.
Apple iPhone XI case renders have surfaced online, which suggest that the square-shaped camera bump on the upcoming iPhone is here to stay.
If the invormation that we have is anything to go by, the HONOR 20 Pro look set to be formidable a device especially in the camera department
During the sale smartphones from other brands like Apple, Samsung, Xiaomi, Vivo, Oppo, Asus and others will sell at discounted or lowest ever price.
Recent versions of Google Chrome Canary feature a redesigned Settings page that adds option groups to the web browser.
Game for Peace was also the most downloaded free game and top-grossing game in Apples China App Store as of last Friday, according to data from Sensor Tower
Google Play Store seems to be testing a new feature wherein it tells users what apps they have not used lately and are taking space in their handsets.
The new Steel HR Sapphire Signature smartwatches improve on what Withings already offered consumers by adding a tint of luxury....
That annoying kid who joined your Apex Legend squad and then went AFK immediately isnt going to be able to get away with that sort of thing for long. Apex Legends focus on three-person squads makes it unique among its genre stablemates, and most of the time 
The only earbuds more recognisable than the tortured white teardrops that are AirPods might be Powerbeats. These things look like rubberised hoop earrings glued to plastic boxes, flipped upside down and strung together with a dorky wire. Well, at least they u
Youd be forgiven for writing off HTCs smartphone business as over.
Another day, another episode of Equity. This time it was an emergency episode, because Uber (finally) went public and a lot of financial folks were quite looking forward to how it would perform on opening day. Turns out it didnt do so well. Kate and Alex had
Most of the phones retain their positions from last week.
I've been a long-time Canon shooter, back to the film days, then a Canon 10D, 20D, 5D, and 6D. I do mostly landscape work and some nightscapes. They've been great cameras, close to state of the art at their release, and frankly, I've never needed a single rep
The 2018 iPad Pro offers very serious competition for a MacBook. But that requires a serious add-on keyboard like the Brydge Pro.
Doctors use risk scores to make treatment decisions. But these scores are based on just a handful of variables and often have modest accuracy in individual patients.
One of nature's most remarkable creations is the hummingbird, which flaps its wings up to 80 times per second and which can hover in place and fly in any direction. Now scientists have used machine learning algorithms to study the way these birds fly in order
Average contract prices for 512GB and 1TB SSDs are expected to fall below US$0.1 or INR 7 per GB by the end of 2019.
WhatsApp announced to end support for the Windows Phone after December 31, 2019. From 2020, all the phones running any version of Windows OS will not be able to run WhatsApp.
Beyond the coral and blue colours, the iPhone XR currently comes in black, white, yellow, and red.
When Google unveiled the list of devices that will support the beta version of its next-generation operating system Android Q, it was notable that the brand new Pixel 3a and Pixel 3a XL smartphones werent on the list of eligible devices. However, it appears 
It isn't just your home screen that goes dark.
India News:  Assistive technology is enabling the visually-impaired get a fair shot at programming jobs
Here are our top posts from the week.  AMD Ryzen 3000 Series 16 Core, 32 Thread CPU Details Leaked  Early Sample With 7nm Zen 2 Cores Clocks In At 3.3 GHz Base and 4.2 GHz Boost We are less than a month away from the official announcement ofAMD Ryzen 3000 
In a bid to take on new budget-range smartphones in India, Samsung has reduced the prices of Galaxy A7 and A9 by upto  3,000. With the price cut, Galaxy A7 and Galaxy A9 now start at  15,990 and  25,990, respectively. Notably, the price drop is effective a
Xiaomi is all set to launch the Redmi Note 7S in India on May 20. We expect the Redmi Note 7S in India to be the China Redmi Note 7. Xiaomi has confirmed that the Redmi Note 7S will come with 48MP camera.
With WhatsApp beta for Android and WhatsApp Business beta for iOS, the company has removed the ability for users to download profile pictures of any other user.
Apple is bridging the gap between its customers and its iPhones by pushing the Apple iPhone 6S in India as a part of the Made in India campaign.
Asus Zenfone 6 might come with a dual camera setup at the back featuring a 48-megapixel + 13-megapixel sensors combination.
RIP sliding into your DMs.
The victims of the latest WhatsApp spyware attack may have lost important personal information including location data and email content, say experts. A bug in the Facebook-owned messaging app's audio call feature allowed hackers to install spyware onto Andro
Key specifications on the One Vision include a 48-megapixel sensor, a 25-megapixel front snapper, and a 3,500mAh battery.
Huaweis sub-brand Honor has scheduled a launch event in London on 21st May where the company will unveil its new Honor 20 series smartphones  Honor 20 and Honor 20 Pro. The company has already launched the Honor 20 Lite. Now, the company has confirmed that 
All deputy inspectors-general will have to ensure that no jawan in their respective units has the game installed in their smartphones
OPPOhas possibly discovered a new way of removing notches or cutouts from their displays altogether. No, it is not a pop up or rotating camera. Popular le
Realme 3 Pro was launched at a starting price of Rs 13,999 in India. The phone has 12MP+2MP dual rear camera and 25MP front camera clubbed with loads of camera features like Super slo-mo, Nightscape, Chroma Boost and Ultra HD mode.
The battle for affordable flagship smartphones has just got fiercer, courtesy OnePlus. The Chinese smartphone company has launched its new affordable flagship phone, OnePlus 7, just days after Googles entry in the same segment with Google Pixel 3a and Goog
This video holds a mirror to the way marketing communication  has 'loosened up' with the times.
The app lets you stream your Steam games to Apple devices.
The company should announce a new release date for its first foldable device very soon.
Some changes appear to be coming to the Note 10. Also, the Pixel may be throttled by Google's own software. All that, your comments and more on this episode ...
J.A. Happ on his start against the Orioles. Subscribe for daily sports videos! YES' social media pages: YouTube: youtube.com/YESnetwork Facebook: facebook.co...
None
Update: The Google Pixel 3a and 3a XL are now available from Amazon.
None
Japan continues to show love for Nintendo
Honor has been heavily teasing the camera setup for the Honor 20 Series smartphones, which have already leaked in some form. Read on to know more!
Samsung delayed the launch of the Galaxy Fold after some of the review units it handed out last month failed. ...
Insider Picks writes about products and services to help you navigate when shopping online. Insider Inc. receives a commission from our affiliate partners
A prompt Rage 2 discount cuts the price on the PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One versions of Avalanche Studios and id Software's new open world shooter.
To make matters worse, Intel's director of product assurance has revealed that the bug is embedded in the processor architecture, and cannot be fully fixed.
In the first pivotaltrial of a device-based neuromodulation therapy in heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF) patients,the BeAT-AF study, researchers have found that a novel implanted neuromodulation device substantially improved quality of lif
Team Green could RAM home its leading position to keep AMD's Navi at bay,Chips ,Nvidia,AMD,geforce,GeForce RTX
The Pokmon Company International has confirmed a new entry in the Pokmon Rumble series, with the all new Pokmon Rumble Rush. This free-to-start beat-em-up is available for download today for
The Realme X is a lot like the Realme 3 Pro but with a bigger screen, and a better camera.
The HT-X8500 supports Dolby Atmos with just a 2.1 speaker system and is priced at Rs. 30,990.
More speed, less friction, and more sales.
The Warp Charge 30 car charger offers the same 30 Watt (5V-6A) output as the Warp Charge 30 charger, and comes with 12V/24V=4.5A input.
The ongoing trade-war between the US and China has caused Apple's iPhone production costs to rise as much as 3 per cent because of the new retaliatory tariffs imposed by Beijing.
Fujifilm managed to steal a lot of thunder from all the new full-frame cameras with the launch of the X-T3. It shot to the top of my APS-C camera list with a...
https://www.adorama.com/DJIOSMOCAM.html "Osmo Action is an action camera equipped with dual color screens. Featuring excellent RockSteady stabilization techn...
At this years MWC in Barcelona, Sony unveiled its latest mid-range smartphones dubbed the Xperia 10 and Xperia 10 Plus. A few months later, the company is already working on the successor to these devices,
Xiaomi sub-brand Redmi was recently rumored to be planning on launching a notebook alongside its flagship K20 and K20 Pro smartphones in China. The notebook, dubbed RedmiBook 14 was certified by the Bluetooth Special Interest Group (SIG) earlier this week. Th
Google is finally consolidating its Google Flights, Hotels, and Trips services into a single destination on web and mobile.
WhatsApp has rolled out an update to its servers. It has also rolled out a security patch on to its Android and iOS apps to safeguard your phone data.
Microsoft is warning PC owners using older Windows versions to urgently run Windows Update on their systems in order to protect their data against a potential widespread attack.
Google's new Pixel 3a and the Pixel 3a XL are now available for sale in India for a starting price of 39,999, and multiple discount and exchange offers.
Early reviewers around the world found OnePlus 7 Pro's camera not living up to the hype the company created.
OnePlus to set up three new experience storesThe biggest OnePlus store will be in Hyderabad
Bringing ultimate viewing experience is the primary goal for most of the smartphone manufacturers since recent times. Different approaches like dew drop notch, pop-up slider are developed to uplift the viewing experience on smartphones. The Chinese smartphone
None
The Fortnite v9.01 patch is now live on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One. This update brings the new Tactical Assault Rifle to Battle Royale, nerfs to the Drum Gun, and more! Patch v9.01 is the first minor update in Fortnites 9th Season, what are your thought
Amazon is rolling out Guard for Alexa, a feature that transforms your Echo device into a home security system that can work alongside a smoke alarm and carbon monoxide detector.
Some renders of Xiaomis Mi Band 4 fitness tracker have been leaked online. The wearable now appears to have a color screen, which will be a new feature in the Mi Band series. It looks slightly refined in comparison to its predecessor, and it is expected to b
Chinese smartphone manufacturer Vivo has teamed-up with GearVita to offer two of its well-received smartphones including the Vivo V15 Pro and Vivo Y95
During the Flipkart Big Shopping Days sale, several smartphones from various brands are selling with a massive discount. Take a quick look at the best offers available during the Flipkart sale.
The OPPO A3s is now available in three RAM and storage configurations in India
The Lenovo ThinkPad X1 is neither a phone, tablet, or hybrid, it is being called as a full-fledged laptop, with a foldable screen.
Your Morning Fix for May 15, 2019 SC grants bail to BJP neta arrested for Mamata meme Why you should update your WhatsApp urgently Global demand for chemo wi...
This week discusses an alleged AMD Ryzen 9 CPU, which we already know to have 16 cores (although the name is TBD), alongside Intel's resurgent supply. Ad: Bu...
Red Dead Online's big update, Nintendo is dropping a direct tomorrow, and we get our first details on the next Star War. Pokmon Detective Pikachu Director o...
Surprises no-one,Phones ,oneplus 7,oneplus,smartphones,Android
The Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeitY) has written to Facebook-owned app and asked about action taken after hacking incident
Xiaomi Global VP Lu Weibing has shared a screenshot of the AnTuTu score of the Redmi K20 and it is the highest ever score on the benchmark app.
Oppo A5s is the company's latest budget offering in India. The phone is priced at just under Rs. 10,000 in India. At this price, it takes on some major value...
Priced at $949.99, it will be available for purchase from Best Buy, Amazon, B&H Photo, Focus Camera, and other retail outlets in the country.
Right now, during the Mi Days sale and Flipkart Big Shopping sale the Mi LED TV 4A PRO 43 and Mi LED TV 4 PRO 55 are selling for Rs 21,999 and Rs 44,999 respectively on Mi.com, Mi Homes and Flipkart.
ASUS has announced an Android Pie beta program for the 2017's ASUS Zenfone 4 Max but the update is based on stock Android and not ZenUI.
Safeway rolled out a new app that helps save you time at the pump. The One Touch Fuel app allows customers to activate the pump and pay for fuel from their p...
Flipkart Big Shopping Days sale is currently underway with discounts and bundled offers on a large selection of mobile phones. We've handpicked some of the best offers on mobile phones that are available right now.
The 5G version of the Mate 20 X was finally announced by the Chinese company today.
The Huawei Mate 20 X 5G has been officially introduced and it will arrive in the UK next month. All that extra speed will cost you 999.
Fortnite gets a John Wick event, Sony and Microsoft team up, and a petition for Game of Thrones. Fortnite X John Wick: Wick's Bounty Trailer https://www.yout...
Samsung Galaxy M20 price in India now starts at Rs. 9,990 for its 3GB RAM/ 32GB storage variant, down from its Rs. 10,900 launch price.
The update brings improvements to the camera and full support for Thailand AIS.
Apple has fallen far behind other competitors when it comes to adopting 5G capability for its iPhones. Unfortunately, theres worse news for you. Though the company is working on rectifying the problem, it may take years for them to offer 5G iPhones.
The digital age could be changing more than just our behavior -- it could be changing the way our brains are wired.
The majority of Internet users are still held hostage by the Facebook/WhatsApp/Instagram empire, Says Pavel Durov.
None
Could the Realme X potentially be the one to beat under Rs 20,000? Here's a look at some key features of the Realme X that you should watch out for.
THE LIST is the national Emmy award winning show where pop culture takes a need-to-know twist. We have everything thats trending and fun, in the form of a l...
Itel A46 price in India (17 May 2019). See Itel A46 full specs, reviews and other Itel mobile phones. Itel A46 has 2GB RAM, 16GB storage and is powered by 1.6GHz octa-core processor.
The Oppo A9 was announced barely a month ago and now an upgraded version has surfaced.
Oregon Governor Kate Brown holds a news conference to take general questions.
The messaging app saw over 223 million new installs during the last quarter.
Channel 4 News investigation reveals how millionaire Arron Banks spent approximately 450,000 on Nigel Farage to fund lavish lifestyle the year following the...
Ive been pushing the notion that Microsoft could win big in cloud-based game streaming since before the firm announced its xCloud plans. But with this weeks Sony partnership, it appears that Microsoft has locked in a winning strategy for the future. And tha
Twitter today updated its TweetDeck for Mac app to introduce a new compose window with a refreshed look and new capabilities. 
 
The updated window...
SanDisk is introducing a 1TB microSD card. There's enough storage on the card for more than just games. That is, if you're willing to pay for it.
Dogs can smell explosives like landmines, and detect medical conditions including seizures, diabetes, and many forms of cancer -- with up to 98% accuracy. In...
Yes, you will now have a killer phone in the market. At least that is what the Chinese phone maker Xiaomi would want you to believe. This refers to a new phone from the company but in the sub brand Redmi. It will be called the Redmi K20 and for good measure
Instagram stories are set to reach an even greater audience as they can now be discovered in the Explore section.
Yesterday, Motorola held a launch event to announce the Motorola One Vision phone. The Chinese wing of the company has taken to Weibo to confirm that it will be launching a new phone called Motorola P50 in China in June. It appears that the Motorola One Visio
Weighing in at 1,530kgs, the McLaren GT is lighter than its competition
Realme has said that it will be ready with its 5G devices before telecom operators in India start offering the fifth generation network services.
There are still a few months left until the presentation of the Xiaomi Mi MIX 4, which will see the light in late autumn, and ...
A dynamic driver with a 7mm titanium composite diaphragm balances powerful bass and detail.
Theres still a week left before the Honor 20 series official launch. Honor will unveil the new devices at an event in London and China. Already a lot of details have surfaced via multiple rumors and leaks in the past. Zhao Ming, President of Honor smartphone
Reports are coming in that this week's security update for Windows 10 version 1809, KB4494441, may install twice on devices running that particular version of Windows 10.
The SmartPhones4Water project shows the potential of citizen science. The project was featured during the 22nd session of the UN Commission on Science and Te...
It 'Just Works'... more slowly,Security ,Intel,Apple,MacBook,mac,flaw
It cant get the wood Fruity cargo cult Apple has no chance of escaping Qualcomms clutches for at least six years. The Tame Apple Press hangs o...
Google is going to introduce an in-app engagement rewards platform which should help developers and businesses to get better engagement on their apps.
The new features are expected to arrive in the next stable build of WhatsApp beta.The Night Mode currently works for Chats List, Calls, and Status, but is not enabled in the app
Robert Downey Jr has shared an emotional video from his last day on the Avengers Endgame sets. Watch it here.
Amazon's voice assistant Alexa suffered almost an hour-long outage in the US for reasons that remain undisclosed.
Lenovo recently launched its flagship smartphone  Lenovo Z6 Pro and is now gearing up to launch a new watered-down version of the same device, dubbed Lenovo Z6 Youth Edition. The phone is expected to launch on 22nd May. Now, Lenovo Groups Vice President for
Last month, OPPO launched the budget-friendly A9 Android smartphone in China. The company is now set to launch a slightly upgraded variant of the OPPO A9 in its home market, dubbed A9x. Ahead of its formal debut in China next week, the OPPO A9x has been liste
For years, we have been using Google Translatotron as a way to convert spoken sentences in one language to another. The technology works pretty well, but now, Google is pushing it forward with what it calls project 'Translatotron'. It's an AI-based system tha
AMD has issued a press release to announce that it will be holding a 'Next Horizon Gaming' event at E3 2019 on June 10 to reveal its upcoming gaming products for PCs and consoles. It goes without saying that AMD will be using this platform to announce the hig
The fourth generation Pixel smartphone has been leaked again, and this time Google is leaving no stone unturned. The company went blatantly wrong last time with the design of Pixel 3 XL, and the sales dropped badly this year.The company recently was
Apple is bridging the gap between its customers and its iPhones by pushing the Apple iPhone 6S in India as a part of the Made in India campaign.
No more wait! Download the Call of Duty Mobile: Legends of War today
A new update to PUBG Mobile, the Android and iOS edition of Battle Royale spearhead PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, reminds its players under the age of 18 to limit their gaming time.
Man finds camera stuck in Wekiva River mud, tries to return it to owner Subscribe to WESH on YouTube now for more: http://bit.ly/1dqr14j Get more Orlando new...
When you think about everything you use your smartphone for - checking the weather, shopping - could you really cut back on the amount of time you spend on it?
Yet another Pokmon game is coming to smartphones. Pokmon Rumble Rush appeared in Australia's Google Play store today, and according to EuroGamer, it's "com...
Samsung delayed the launch of the Galaxy Fold after some of the review units it handed out last month failed. ...
Google offered free replacements of its Bluetooth Titan Security Keys after it found that nearby attackers could access them.
OnePlus is all about smartphones right now, but the company is looking to change that in the coming months. CEO Pete Lau had already confirmed that the company was looking to release the OnePlus TV by 2020. Now, OnePlus India head, Vikas Agarwal has confirme
When Rage released nearly a decade ago, John Carmacks vision had been straightforward: The man who coded Quakethe first mainstream 3D FPSwanted to push th...
It has been just over a year since CPU vulnerabilities like Spectre and Meltdown last dominated the news cycle. Efforts have been made to fix these flaws and newer CPUs have extra protections in place
The OnePlus Bullets Wireless 2 in-ears are a solid pair of wireless earphones with great upper-mid texture and general comfort
Apple fell nearly 7% in the week ended May 10.
Facebook says it now has a "one strike" policy for users who break the rules. Learn more about this story at https://www.newsy.com/90494/ Find more videos li...
Xiaomi India and the Managing Director of the company, Manu Kumar Jain, have literally been teasing the upcoming launch of the companys latest flagship. Thankfully, putting an end to the piquing curiosity of the fans that was stretched over multip
Facebook-owned WhatsApp on Tuesday warned users to upgrade the application to plug a security hole reported by Financial Times, that allowed for the
OnePlus 7 was easily overshadowed by the flashy Pro but may become the more popular device. The device features Qualcomm Snapdragon 855 processor, UFS 3.0, D...
Following a large wave of introductory Pixel 3a and 3a XL deals, the older but higher-end Google Pixel 3 and 3 XL have received their own fresh batch of discounts at Best Buy with monthly ...
Alexa, is someone breaking into my house? Amazon this week introduced Alexa Guard, a new smart home security function that notifies Echo owners when it detects nefarious sounds. U.S. users can set up 
OnePlus to set up three new experience storesThe biggest OnePlus store will be in Hyderabad
Samsung Galaxy Note 8 and the Galaxy J6 are available with a discounted price at the Flipkart Big Shopping Days sale. The Galaxy Note 8 is available for Rs 36,990 and the Galaxy J6 for Rs 9,490.
It started with the OnePlus 7 family, but there was a lot more.
Look out for these changes
None
A little over a week ago, Microsoft released a teaser video which seemed to hint at the companys plans at taking on augmented reality (AR) based games such as Pokemon GO. The trailer teased that the company would be launching an AR version of Minecraft, and 
OnePlus 7 Pro launch, WhatsApp hack, Flipkart's Big Shopping Days Sale offers, Asus ZenFone 6 and Realme X, and other tech news this week.
Realme X India launch - Check out the latest news, leaks, reviews, features and specifications of Realme X on BGR India.
Xiaomi Redmi Note 7S with 48-megapixel dual-rear cameras will launch in India tomorrow. Here are top features confirmed by Xiaomi.
These two will do better in Western regions where there is less competition in the mid-range. Elsewhere, their price makes them hard to love.
While the official online/offline discount on Nokia 8.1 is no longer available, you dont need to be dissapointed, as Amazon India is still selling Nokia 8.1 for Rs 22499. This amounts to Rs 
The company is telling users to download their data before it shuts down the video stitching platform completely, Engadget reported
The May "Patch Tuesday" update from Microsoft may have fixed a wormable security vulnerability for Windows XP users, but it appears to have also broken Windows 10. Again. Here's what happened this time...
Four of the phones announced this week make the top 10.
Intel's latest security flaw in MDS ZombieLoad doesn't have an adverse impact on gaming perfromance as can be infered from benchmarks.
Microsoft has just announced Minecraft Earth, a mobile AR game that will launched in beta on Android and iOS devices at some point this summer.
Epic Games has upset a number of game publishers with its Epic Mega Sale, which is slashing prices below previously agreed upon amounts.
While the OnePlus 7 Pro doesn't have a 3.5mm earphone jack, similar to the OnePlus 6T, the latter came with a dongle out of the box. The newer phone doesn't, and OnePlus recently rose the price ...
The OnePlus 7 and the OnePlus 7 Pro, the newest fleet of devices from OnePlus, now have readily-available kernel sources. Get tinkering now!
With a user-base of more than a billion, WhatsApp dominates as one of the most popular messaging platforms in the world. The service comes with a range of features, but recent beta updates have shown that there's more to come. Yes, WhatsApp is on track to get
That's $30 and $40 off the Huaweis, $70 savings on the cans.
Google is quietly keeping track of every single purchase you have made in years, thanks to purchase receipts sent to your personal Gmail account. According to a report in CNBC on Friday, the information is made available to users via a private web tool which,
---------------------------------- www.nst.com.my :: www.facebook.com/nstonline :: www.twitter.com/NST_Online :: www.instagram.com/nstonline
A T-Mobile media influencer sent out a tweet saying how much she loves the newly released OnePlus 7 Pro and that she has officially switched to Android. One problem; the tweet was written on an ...
The Best Drones of 2019: https://www.digitaltrends.com/cool-tech/best-drones/ The Best Drones Under $500: https://www.digitaltrends.com/cool-tech/best-drones...
Windows 7 support will end in January of next year, and that is a huge problem for both business and home users that are still running the aging operating system. Can't these people just upgrade to Windows 10? Well, yeah, but many just don't want to. Windows 
Vivos Z series may add a new member soon. The Z series already has 6 phones with the latest model being the Vivo Z3x. Now details of a new member called the Vivo Z5x have surfaced. The leak, which originated from Weibo, not only reveals some of the phones s
Here's a list of over 100 amazing S10 / S10 plus / S10e wallpapers that cleverly absorb camera holes or cut out into their design.
Black Shark 2 gaming smartphone features the Snapdragon 855 chipset, LED lightning, and everything a mobile gamer needs.

In this weeks top stories:New 2019 iPhone molds, iOS 12.3 and tvOS 12.3 release, a closer look at Apple Card, and more. Read on for all of this weeks biggest news.
With so many large companies now relying on cloud infrastructure, its little wonder that cloud computing experts are in demand. This field is open to anyone with the right skills, and experienced professionals earn a pretty penny for their skills. The Comple
DATE OF AIRING: May 15th & 16th 2019 Leaders of Tomorrow brings you a powerful panel from the capital of Jharkhand, Ranchi. Our expert panelists speak on the...
Priced at INR17,990 ($256), it can be purchased from online and offline stores across the country.
This week saw the launch of two of the most awaited smartphones of 2019. OnePlus set the ball rolling with the launch of two new handsets  the OnePlus 7 and OnePlus 7 Pro  much to the glee of OnePlus fans around the world. Two days later, Taiwanese electro
Saif Ali Khan makes his debut on television, introduces Dipika Kakar and Karan Grover from their upcoming show, Kahaan Hum Kahaan Tum. Watch the promo of the show right here.
Flipkart has started teasing the Oppo Reno&rsquo;s arrival in India, while accessories for the upcoming phone are already up for purchase.
Mercedes-Benz has entered into the MPV segment yet again and this time it gets the V Class to India. A luxury MPV with a lot of features and a great engine. ...
More than a year after the start of the Great March of Return, we met the people risking it all for to return to the land of their ancestors. Subscribe: http...
Helo protectively changed its user interface, login screen, categories and sub-categories on the platform.
Activision's Call Of Duty: Mobile is rolling out to users who had pre-registered for the same. New features of the Battle Royale have also been unveiled
The OPPO K3 is an upper mid-range flagship scheduled to launch next week. The phone packs some interesting features but also has an eye-catching design. Yesterday, OPPO released a press render of the device to show us what it looks like. More renders have sur
Based on Twitter userMatt Navarra, Instagram will be shutting down their standalone Direct app most likely by the end of May 2019. But fret not, as all th
Chinese telecom giant Huawei on Thursday officially brought its first commercial 5G smartphone to the UK, as British carriers are set to provide 5G network services in some areas of the country soon.
An interesting entry in the SiSoftware SANDRA database has been spotted that has shown a presumably upcoming Dell server being tested with one of AMDs forthcoming Epyc 2 Rome chips. It seems the engineering sample and Dell server get along with each other 
The new PUBG Mobile Season 7 update brings a new Royale Pass for Season 7. With the new pass, players will get access to exclusive outfits, emotes, additional rewards and a new EZ Mission License.
Samsung Galaxy S10+ Olympic Games Edition will be available initially in Japan
Car Thing will plug into a 12-volt outlet and connect to both the car and your phone over Bluetooth.
With the iOne smartphone, Micromax is looking to take on the likes of phones like Realme C2, Xiaomi Redmi 6A. The Micromax iOne comes for Rs 4,999. It is already available.
Lenovo "borrowed" the video without the creator's permission. The video was a concept render video made by a fan.
Following the shocking announcement of an Xbox and PlayStation partnership on cloud gaming and game streaming, Head of Xbox Phil Spencer offers his opinion.
Hero has launched the updated Pleasure scooter in India, called 2019 Pleasure Plus.
The dark web, as it is called, is not accessible through regular browsers. Only tools like Tor, an open source software that allows anonymous communication, allow access to the dark web.
It's not set in stone, but it's trending in the right direction.
Team Sonic Racing reviewed by David Jagneaux on PlayStation 4. Also available on Nintendo Switch, Xbox One, and PC. Team Sonic Racing Gameplay Trailer https:...
At Google I/O, we learned about the improvements that Android Q brings. New security and privacy features and improvements are all over the new Android OS.
None
It was the week when we learned that a missed WhatsApp call could plant spyware on your phone and when San Francisco moved to ban facial recognition technology.
Cameras are the main focus points on phones today, at least based on comments online. Nokia Mobiles camera app has come a long way from the First time we saw the app on the Nokia 6 (2017) mo
Xiaomi Mi 9 is currently available at a discounted price in China: it costs up to 100 Yuan less on JD.
Put your mind at ease with one of these high-tech options
Apple's engineering efforts to build a 5G modem aren't as much about saving money for itself or customers as building smaller, more power-efficient devices.
It's designed to retain your voice and cadence in translated audio.
As requested by a previous poll of the user base
Honor 20 and Honor 20 Pro flagship phones will be made official on May 21 through an unveil event in London. These phones will be also announced in China on May 31. A tipster who is known for leaking information on upcoming Huawei / Honor phones has shared th
Its 2019, which means its been 35 years since the very first BMW M5 went on sale. And what better way to honour that anniversary than with a special edition of todays ludicrously powerful M5 Competition?BMW will build 350 M5 Edition 35 Years, beginning t
Vivo has today launched a new smartphone that goes by the name Vivo Y3. The Y3 is a mid-range model but is crammed with top-of-the-pack hardware and sleek design. Perhaps, the most spectacular is the triple AI camera that adorns the back. The device also pack
The Motorola One Vision looks to be a real bargain with a 48-megapixel camera, a big screen and a Samsung processor. It's also an Android One phone, but what about the Moto G7? It's one of the best budget phones around right now. We compare the One Vision to 
The Vivo Z5x could be the company's first smartphone with a hole in the display that'll house the front camera.
Big discounts on iPhones, the Samsung Galaxy S10e and more.
Power was top on the agenda with council approving the purchase of two hundred thousand, two hundred and seventeen meters under the Meter Asset Provider Sche...
The five-day mega-sale started on 15 May and will go on till 19 May.Flipkart has partnered with HDFC Bank to offer 10% instant discount on transactions made via its debit and credit cards as well as for those opting for EMIs
Oppo K3 price in China is set at CNY 1,599 (roughly Rs. 16,100) for the 6GB RAM + 64GB storage variant, going up to CNY 2,299 (roughly Rs. 23,200) for the top-end 8GB RAM + 256GB storage option.
Microsoft revealed in May 2019 that it will upgrade versions of Windows 10 that will run out of support soon automatically.
Announced in March, it's all set to debut in India on May  27.
Google has rolled out a new look for the search results page on mobile devices that puts the branding of websites front and centre.
Today, Fujifilm has announced the GFX100, their latest medium format camera. With a newly designed sensor with over 100 megapixels, in-body image stabilization, phase detection autofocus that covers approximately 100% of the frame, 4K video, and more, all com
If you thought Samsung was sitting idle while people complained about the not-so-impressive Night mode on the Galaxy S10 camera, ...
The OnePlus 3, OnePlus 3T Android Pie update is said to be a staged OTA rollout with a few users getting it today, while the rest will receive it in a few weeks in an incremental manner.
Apple said Webkit will launch a new technology to track advertising clicks and whether they lead to a product purchase while preserving the privacy of users.
Call of Duty Mobile - Check Call of Duty Mobile pre-registration in India, download features, first look at BGR India. Get latest updates on Call of Duty Mobile, smartphone, mobile games, mobile phone news, tech news.
Over on the OnePlus Forums, fans have thrown shade at the OnePlus 7 Pro camera quality. It's gotten to the point that OnePlus has officially responded.
The launch of the Vivo Z5x smartphone is only a day away and today it has appeared on AnTuTu to corroborate on the specs that were revealed through recent leaks and official teasers. It has recorded an average benchmarking score of more than 173k on AnTuTu. T
The ASUS ZenFone 6 was announced last week and it surprised a lot of people. We've opened up forums for this exciting phone.
Ahead of the launch,Xiaomi India Managing Director Manu Jain has revealed the first look of the Redmi K20.In the photo posted by Jain, the Redmi K20 appears in Red colour.
It has a built-in hand-crank. Yes really.
However, Huawei doesn't blame Google.
Available on Android and iOS, the new Steam Chat app brings most of the features from the desktop client to your smartphone.
It will be unveiled on May 28 with Snapdragon 855 SoC, 48MP primary camera, and a 4,000 mAh battery.
Some of the most intriguing smartphones in the world may face problems because of the US government. Meanwhile, owners of early Pixels may be due for a payou...
None
You can now download the Tor Browser for Android from Google Play and start browsing the internet anonymously on your smartphone.
The iPhone maker is planning to unveil new software features aimed at hanging on to its loyal customers.
Google Duplex, the AI-powered restaurant reservation service which made headlines last year, relies on humans to make calls more often than you might think, new tests have revealed. Google unveiled
Both are similar Android One phones, but the 3.2 is slightly larger (6.26" vs. 5.71") and has a larger battery.
Mortal Kombat 11/NetherRealm StudiosMortal Kombat 11 was the best-selling game of April 2019 across all platforms.The NPD Group has released a list of
A WhatsApp beta for Android has been released and it appears to prep for QR code profile sharing and Facebook Stories sharing.
Now includes Intel's latest 9th gen CPUs that go up to 8 cores.
The folks at Caviar got their hands on a Samsung Galaxy Fold and decided to bring the bling. Theyve crafted a gold renditioning of the phone, a reconditioning of the phone, maybe even a remi
Google is currently pushing out an update to its Google Calendar and Google Keep Android apps that adds dark mode functionality ahead of Android Q.
Apple may have discontinued its solid gold Apple Watch Edition back in 2016, but that hasn't stopped some keen do-it-yourselfers from filling the...
Samsung India has launched two new wireless charging accessories - Samsung Wireless Power Bank and Wireless Charging Duo Pad - ...
The Sims 4/Electronic ArtsThe Sims 4 lets you create and customize a community of characters.The Sims 4 is free on PC and Mac until May 28. The game
The makers of Battlefield have offered their own hint at what graphics on the PS5 and Xbox Two might look like.
Along with the Galaxy S10e, S10, and S10+, Samsung also launched the Galaxy S10 5G at the Unpacked event in ...
This affordably priced smartphone is the Pixel for the people
Fortnites list of collaborations expands today with a limited run of fresh cosmetics featuring Michael Jordans Jumpman brand. This follows the introduction of NFL skins in November, the addition of quirky Avengers: Endgame styles in April, and the debut of 
Google today announced a minor design change to its core Search product that better identifies the websites that appear in results.
Held in London's Battersea, Honor, the sub-brand of Huawei is launching two smartphones: the Honor 20 and the Honor 20 Pro. The new series will succeed the Honor 10 launched last year.
If youve always dreamed of having a low-maintenance, vaguely dog-shaped companion, well, youre in luck. A group of undergraduate and graduate students at Stanford University have just unveiled Doggo, a relatively cheap, light, four-legged robot with the bou
Cross-generation play
When Apple CEO Tim Cook says a four-year degree is not necessary to be proficient at coding, he means it. Ask young Indian tech innovators and you would immediately find the answer. Apart from empowering developers via its Bengaluru-based App Accelerator, App
In keeping with the hot industry trend Activision &rsquo;s Call of Duty: Mobile game is getting its very own battle royale mode . It will see 100 rival combatants parachute into the battlefield be...
Lenovo Z6 Youth Edition packs a large 4,050mAh battery.
Unboxing and hands-on review of the Realme 3 Pro, a stunning budget-friendly smartphone that costs from just 175 pounds in the UK. Here we check out the spec...
Google said it has notified G Suite administrators to change the impacted passwords.
Adobe Premier Rush is now available on Android, after having been launched on Windows, Mac, and iOS last year.
A listing for the MateBook X Pro mysteriously disappeared over the weekend and searching for any Huawei hardware shows no results at the Microsoft Store.
Announced at CES (Consumer Electronics Show) this year, the new Jabra Elite 85h comes with some serious features and will be available in India for Rs 28,990.
A security researcher has leaked the exploit code of a new Windows 10 zero-day vulnerability that can be used to gain admin-level system privileges.
Mozilla has released an update for its Firefox browser which includes an option to block cryptocurrency mining scripts on websites.
A pilot study into the hearing of high school-aged children has some alarming results.
The latest TUF FX505DT is updated with an Nvidia GTX 1650 GPU and AMD Ryzen 7 CPU.
Alongside smartphones like the Redmi K20 and the Mi A3, the Xiaomi Mi Band 4 is also one of the much-awaited products from the Chinese company. Xiaomi is currently the leading wearable company in India, thanks to the runaway success []
The OPPO R17 Pro is an upper mid-range offering that was launched in India in December last year
A confidential Facebook document reviewed by The Intercept has revealed that the social networking giant is offering private data of its users without their knowledge or consent to 100 different telecom companies and phone makers in 50 countries.
It's rolling out for the ZenFone Max (M2) having model number ZB633KL.
Thanks for watching! Click subscribe and the notification bell to see our videos in your feed. For more videos and articles like and follow our Facebook page...
After Facebook that is battling several data breaches, its photo-sharing service Instagram saw itself in trouble after personal data of millions of celebrities and influencers were allegedly exposed on its platform in a massive database that was traced to Mum
Chinese telecom giant Huawei has been gaining momentum in the global smartphone industry, with features such as AI, reverse wireless charging, and advanced cameras.
The latest mid-range handheld from Vivo is expected to integrate a 6.53-inch display plus a hefty 5,000 mAh battery. Press images also reveal a punch-hole selfie cam and a triple-cam setup as well as a fingerprint sensor on the back. The JD.com listing does n
OnePlus had recently announced that its Android-based mobile operating system OxygenOS would get a few India-specific features in future. And finally, we have details of these features that the company is currently working on. They will first be rolled out to
Xiaomi's Black Shark will launch its Black Shark 2 gaming phone in India on May 27. It features a pressure-sensitive AMOLED display, dedicated liquid cooling technology, and flagship internals. However, it will face tough competition from the OnePlus 7 Pro wh
The situation regarding the ban of sales of American technology to Huawei is constantly evolving and new details are added as the hours go by. ...
ASUS has introduced its new high-end smartphone, the ZenFone 6. The new handset is based on Qualcomm&rsquo;s top-of-the-range Snapdragon 855 SoC, and perhaps most...
When you think of a smartphone costing around $200 to $250, you probably think of a few brands: Nokia, Redmi, Motorola, or perhaps bigger names like Samsung and LG. And you also probably think of the compromises: middling cameras, lackluster LCD displays, slo
Chinese media giant ByteDance, is looking to expand its operations in India with an entry into the music streaming industry.
The smart fitness band comes loaded with real-time heart rate monitoring system and it can also measure blood pressure.
It will go on sale in from 23 May via the Nokia website and top retail outlets.Highlights of the Nokia 3.2 include 6.29-inch HD display, Snapdragon 429 chipset, 4,000mAh battery, 13MP+5MP rear facing camera
Give Glass a pass if you're not an enterprise type,Gadgets ,Google Glass,Glass Enterprise Edition 2,Wearable tech,augmented reality
In little over 30 years, Huawei has gone from scrappy startup to China's most successful global consumer brand. Now it could become the first big casualty of an escalating fight with America over trade and the future of technology.
Running low on inventory for the older model, Apple has informed its retail staff to substitute some Apple Watch Series 3 repairs with the Series 4 globally, the media reported.
Businessman Charlie Kindel, the "mastermind" behind Amazon'sAlexa for Smart Home Devices, gushed about his former executive role within Jeff Bezos' tech company.
Members of the military suffering from PTSD have a new option to help them with various issues. Operation Game On is a program to help vets on the links to h...
Asus has launched the new VivoBook S14 and VivoBook S15 laptops with ScreenPad 2.0, 8th Gen Intel CPUs, and Nvidia GeForce MX250 graphics.
NASCAR All-Star race winner Kyle Larson admitted he was completely at fault for the biggest crash of the 600-mile Cup championship round at Charlotte
It's easy to miss important checks and captures in defense. NM James Canty shows you a fantastic game with many found and missed opportunities and discusses ...
None
Samsung's recent Galaxy S10 update enables the use of the ultra-wide camera for panorama shots. Out of the box, the ...
For the 2019 iPhones, the report suggests that LG would be the second supplier for OLED displays on iPhones.
IndiGos profit in the March quarter rose over 400 percent due to a rise in yield, strong passenger growth and lower oil prices.
Chokosi-Konkomba Conflict - AM Show on JoyNews (27-5-19) Dr. Bawumia appeals to feuding factions to unite against poverty
If the person you were video calling couldn't take your call you can also send personalised video messages to them on Google Duo Android and iOS app.
Honor the life and death of McQueen himself by donating to the Desert Cancer Foundation.
Austrias Freedom party will probably support a no-confidence vote scheduled for Monday against Austrias conservative Chancellor Sebastian Kurz, news agency APA ..
OnePlus already released Android Q Developer Preview on the forum for the OnePlus 7 Pro   48,999 and OnePlus 6/6T.OnePlus promised Android Pie rollout for the OnePlus 3 and 3T by the end of 2018, but it only hit the smartphones by this month this year
The AMD Radeon RX 5700 is the first Navi GPU, powered by the RDNA macro-architecture and is the world's first PCIe Gen 4 based GPU
Redmi 7A mobile with 5.45 inch 720x1440 display and 13-megapixel rear camera. Redmi 7A price, specs, NDTV's Rating, Xiaomi mobile phone review at NDTV Gadgets360.com.
Daniel Cormier has been impressed with Ryan Bader's progress, but still believes he would easily win in a cross-promotional super fight.
Not being able to download an app from Google Play Store despite internet connectivity or enough storage available on the smartphone is one of the most common issues faced by Android smartphone users. In case, you are facing a similar problem where you are un
Flying higher.
Reno Z is equipped with a dual camera setup including a 48-megapixel Sony IMX586 sensor and a 5-megapixel depth sensor.
13 pieces of fried rice in his hair! Then-Triple M boss Ben Amarfio was in the box during the fried rice incident. He tells us what it was like. Subscribe! h...
We cover authentic information, news, topics, events, interviews, guest articles, features and updates on Travel & Tourism world.
German voters went to voting booths on Sunday as part of the European parliamentary elections and also for the election in federal state of Bremen.
The Xiaomi Black Shark 2 was launched in China back in March and will feature top-of-the-line hardware.
None
DIGITAL EXTRA: Ride to the Wall South
Dauntless has officially launched for PC, PS4, and Xbox One as a free-to-play title, which means that the game includes a premium currency called Platinum.
Clean up is underway throughout Saginaw County.
None
Death Stranding Trailer Teased by Hideo Kojima Again
IN A new PS5 release date twist, there could be significant changes Sony PlayStation and Microsoft have to account for when it comes to pricing their new consoles.
CD Projekt Red is at "full speed" with the development of Cyberpunk 2077, but it will not yet be playable for the public at E3 2019. The developer's president, meanwhile, left open the possibility that the game's release date will finally be revealed at the a
Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night will offer up six optional modes of play plus other playable characters, for free, after the games launch in June. Some of this content will even be available day one.
OnePlus 7 Pro price in India is Rs. 48,999 (27 May 2019). See OnePlus 7 Pro full specs, reviews and other OnePlus mobile phones. OnePlus 7 Pro has 12GB RAM, 256GB storage and is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 855 processor.
A NEW PUBG Mobile beta is available to download today on Android and iOS, and heres the easiest way to grab it.
The launch of the Huawei Mate X is looking like it will be delayed, and that could single yet another blow against the foldable phone trend.
Reports reveal Facebook's plans to introduce WhatsApp ads in 2020. But, will Facebook end the robust WhatsApp's end-to-end encryption for it?
Goyal prevented from flying to London just a month after Jet suspends operations
Join us on a LIVE African safari in the Maasai Mara as experts guide us through the bush in search of lions, elephants, buffalo and more wild animals. Join t...
This week brings a double dose of PSVR games with Blood & Truth and Trover Saves the Universe, plus some horror with Layers of Fear 2 and sports action with ...
Subscribe NOW to DockersTV: https://www.youtube.com/user/DockerTV For more video and news as it breaks, head to http://www.fremantlefc.com.au/ Stay connected...
The features we'd love to see in the next iOS update.
Researchers have found that women tend to perform better on math and verbal tests at higher temperatures, while men perform the same tests best at lower temperatures.
An earthquake with a magnitude of as much as 7.5 stuck northern Peru, the United States Geological Survey reported on Sunday.
Vivo Z5x has been launched in China on May 24. The phone features a punch-hole display, triple rear camera and 5,000mAh battery with support for 18W fast charging.
MATE 20 Pro owners will be shocked by what their phone is now worth if they attempt to sell it through a reputable UK retailer.
Oppo K3 mobile with 6.50 inch 1080x2340 display alongside 6GB of RAM and 16-megapixel + 2-megapixel rear camera. Oppo K3 price, specs, NDTV's Rating, Oppo mobile phone review at NDTV Gadgets360.com.
The LA Galaxy II played host to Orange County SC at Dignity Health Sports Park in the first 401 derby of the 2019 campaign. Visit https://www.uslchampionship...
The downtrend in air passenger traffic might continue unless the new government takes steps to reduce air fares via rationalisation of jet fuel taxes and infrastructure creation to spur capacity at major airports.
Speaking of the wide-angle lens of iPhone 11 camera, it's supposed to deliver a 120-degree field of view - not the widest one in the industry
Carroll falters against Cathedral at girls tennis semi-state again on 5/25/19
A leak has revealed a special 'Fortnite' Xbox One S in an exceptionally purple shade.
Apple has released the new 2019 MacBook Pro and it has a very similar keyboard design as before  the third generation butterfly switch. But Apple is also sa...
It will come with Snapdragon 730 SoC, a 48MP camera, and a 4,000 mAh battery.
Riot will be introducing a premium viewership; we take a look at what to expect from this upcoming feature.
Our Correspondent Imphal, May 25 (EMN): Assam Rifles claimed to have arrested two arms dealer during the operation at Kakching in Manipur on May 22. Based on the input received regarding a weapons 
The long weekend is loaded with great chances to save on new gaming PC. Don't you think you deserve a little something nice?
Heres the location of where to find Jonesy near the rooftops in the Fortnite Downtown Drop LTM. Epic Games have an obsession with Jonesy in the Fortnite Downtown Drop LTM, making players find Jonesy around the Downtown Drop map. Weve already had to look for
OnePlus 7 Pro is available for purchase in the U.S. through T-Mobile. The phone is undoubtedly the hottest property ...
Buy OPPO Reno 10x Zoom Edition online at best price in India. Check full specification of OPPO Reno 10x Zoom Edition Mobiles with its features, reviews & comparison at Gadgets Now.
India does not have much of a history with popular computer games, unlike the US or Japan. But now one of the industrys kill-or-be-killed titles has become a smash hit  and the backlash from the countrys traditionalists is ferocious.
Buy Xiaomi Redmi 7 Pro online at best price in India. Check full specification of Xiaomi Redmi 7 Pro Mobiles with its features, reviews & comparison at Gadgets Now.
Following the critical and commercial success of the Huawei P20 series of smartphones earlier this year, the Chinese companys autumn flagship line, the Mate 20 series, packs even more features and adds a super-sized model. Will Huaweis momentum continue?
Less than a week after Xiaomi introduced an all-screen slider phone, Huawei has launched one of its own under its sub-brand Honor.
At one point, 2018 was shaping up to be the year of the smartphone notch, but last month Shenzhen brands Vivo and Oppo threw a wrench into the plans with the separate launch of two true all-screen  meaning no notch  handsets a week apart. While weve yet 
Although Chinese mobile-phone giant Huawei unveiled flagship smartphone models in its P series at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) in both 2016 and 2017, it decided to keep its latest handset, the P20, out of this years show in Barcelona.
Huawei pulled back the curtains on its new 2018 flagship series in Paris today and most of the rumours turned out to be accurate: the top device of the series, named the P20 Pro, does indeed sport three cameras, a first in smartphones.
Whether fairly or not, every new iPhone that hits the market immediately becomes the de facto official device against which top Android smartphones are compared. While there is no shortage of powerful flagships on the market right now, Huawei, as usual, has b
Moment has today debuted new bags, wallet cases for devices including the Pixel 3, and new cases for Pixel 3a and OnePlus devices.
The Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 has been one of the best convertible laptops for the past few years; now Dell is giving it a big hardware redesign.
Bungie has revealed the first details about Destiny 2: Season of Opulence. Players can jump into the new Menagerie activity and earn exclusive gear and weapons with six other players. The Exotic rocket launcher Truth is also returning from Destiny
Bryan from Tech YES City chats with Gordon about AMD's 3rd Gen Ryzen, the mysterious 16-core part, and potential overclocking. Check out Tech YES City videos...
Microsoft says that computers with Realtek or Qualcomm Bluetooth radios mighthave issues discovering and connecting to Bluetooth devices after installing or updating toWindows 10 version 1903 because of outdated drivers.
None
None
The new sci-fi strategy shooter merges genres so well, it becomes a beast entirely of its own on Xbox One and PC.
"The Persistence of Chaos" is the deadliest laptop in the world containing 6 pieces of malware that caused a cumulative $95 billion in damages.
Samsung India has officially confirmed the June 11 launch date for the Galaxy M40. The date was tipped by YouTuberGaurav ...
Moody exploration game Sea of Solitude isnt the sort of thing youd expect from publisher EA. The independent game developed by German studio Jo-Mei Games has a July 2019 release date on PS4, Windows PC via Origin, and Xbox One.
The iPod Touch will also work with the Arcade game subscription service, arriving later this year.
BMW has unveiled the third-generation 1-Series. The global launch of the car will take place on September 28, 2019.The 1-Series measures 4,319 mm in length, 1,799 mm in width and 1,434 mm in height with ...
A 17-year-old Australian school student hacked into Apple's secure system hoping to impress the company and get a job.
The Google Pixel 3a passes the durability test with flying colors.
With the prospect of losing access to Android quickly approaching, Huawei has decided to jump the gun and start using its own OS by June.
This is our first impressions hands-on video of the OPPO Reno mid-range smartphone with a "Shark Fin" swivel pop-up camera design.
Fire Tv subscribers can watch the Netflix content, even if they don't have a Netflix account.
RedmiBook 14 is a sleek, affordable and powerful notebook.
iPhones streaming to two devices at the same time, YouTube shutting down their gaming channel? All that and more in today's Techbytes.
Phanteks is almost ready to launch their Enthoo Luxe 2 gaming case. Since we've seen it at CES, Phanteks has effectively updated it in some BIG ways with bet...
As the brand-new version of the game formerly known as Ashes Cricket is released, here's what to expect from the eagerly anticipated title from Big Ant Studios
There will be only 3,000 units of this limited edition smartphone sold globally, as per Asus.
Dauntless hits the mark across the board, and delivers an extremely compelling and engaging monster hunting game that genre newcomers and veterans alike can ...
Intel on Tuesday unveiled its 10th Gen Intel Core processors at the Computex 2019 trade show and also revealed new details about its innovation programme -
In an op-ed article in The New York Times earlier this month, Pichai said that &quot;privacy cannot be a luxury good offered only to people who can afford to buy premium products and services&quot;.
Italian architect Piero Lissoni has created a modular sofa system for B&B Italia, which can be reconfigured with 84 different components. Presented at this y...
We reported yesterday that the latest Galaxy S10 software update (XXU1ASE5) had quite a few bugs. Those of you who ...
As for the Airtel 4G Hotspot postpaid plan, Airtel is offering 75GB of total data for one month of validity.
As promised, Google is shutting down YouTube Gaming and asking users to move to the regular YouTube experience.
Asus has revealed its new ROG Strix XG17 portable monitor that has been specifically designed for gaming on the go. The 17.3-inch display offers a maximum refresh rate of 240 Hz and can be powered either through AC power in the wall or via its two USB Type-C 
Look Ma! No hands-free!,Friction,Controversy,Hardware ,Hardware,Friction,Software,huawei,donald trump,Bluetooth,SD card
The number is significant because Google does not require phone- makers to pre-install this app
Samsung Electronics seems to be taking more time than expected to fix flaws in the main display of its first foldable smartphone Galaxy Fold, according to industry sources Tuesday. It has been more than one month since the South Korean tech giant officially a
Vivo Y15 (2019) launched in India at Rs. 13,990, and will be available via both online and offline stores in the country.
We all know that Google tracks us. What you might not know is that you can actually do something about it.
Samsung has announced the launch of two new USB Type-C power delivery (PD) controllers. The newSE8A and MM101 PD controllerssupport ...
Today at Computex 2019, gaming laptop maker, Alienware launched two new gaming laptops aimed at gamers looking for a portable, thin gaming laptop without c
Flipkart is running its Month-End Mobiles Fest sale this week. The sale will run till May 31 and will offer discounts and bundled offers on a number of popular smartphones.
Corsairtoday announced the launch of the highly-anticipated CORSAIR Hydro X Series, a complete line of custom cooling part. From CPU and graphics card water blocks to a pump/reservoir, fittings, tub...
Bytedance's next move may bring bad news for Xiaomi, Oppo, Vivo and others
Xiaomi-backed Black Shark has come out with the successor to its special edition gaming smartphone, called the Xiaomi Black Shark 2. The new phone has some high-end features, including the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 855SoC processor.
Realme X mobile with 6.53 inch 1080x2340 display alongside 4GB of RAM and 48-megapixel (f/1.7) + 5-megapixel (f/2.4) rear camera. Realme X price, specs, NDTV's Rating, Realme mobile phone review at NDTV Gadgets360.com.
Motorola is yet to officially launch the Moto Z4 smartphone, but premature listings of the phone have already appeared on Amazon.com. The Moto Z4 Amazon listings are no longer accessible, but a screenshot of the listing has revealed that it carried the key sp
The auction was commissioned cybersecurity firm Deep Instinct, and the Samsung NC10 laptop was dubbed The Persistence of Chaos.
NVIDIA GeForce 430.86 WHQL driver offer the optimal gaming experience and is optimized Quake 2 RTX and Assetto Corsa Competizione
Infinix S4 with 32-megapixel selfie camera, triple rear cameras goes on first sale today via Flipkart for Rs 8,999, Infinix S4 Sale today, tech news, check out Infinix S4 review at BGR india
Brayden Schenn knows the Blues need to do a better job of sticking to their game after they blew a two-goal lead against the Bruins.
LG may become a secondary supplier of OLED displays for 2019 iPhones
Super Night Mode and HDR++ both see improvements, and volume key controls have been added to the camera app.
With Reliance Jio preparing to step into the broadband playing field, all the other major broadband service providers are also stepping up their game and making their offerings even more attractive for the subscribers. One of the names which pop []

Get ready for more Android One devices from the company.
We throw our comprehensive test of benchmarks at the 2019 8-core 2.4ghz i9 15-inch MacBook Pro with Radeon Pro Vega 20 graphics including those to test the s...
Privacy enthusiasts dont like the fact that they are being monitored 24/7 by a giant corporation like Google. The company owns more than 95 percent of the smartphone market, thanks to Android. Aside from catapulting Google to the no.1 position in the smartph
If youre a workout enthusiast, youve probably been eyeing a pair of true wireless headphones to cut the cord on your sweat-filled excursions. Good news! Tw...
Netherealm's latest sequel is a crafty, suave, and brutal celebration of the timeless series
Flagship battle, round 2.
NaadSadhana is an iOS app that brings classical music training to everyone. The app can help you practise and learn classical Indian music. It has a lot goin...
Goyal could have been officially or legally advised to stay at home and not travel abroad instead of delaying a foreign carrier and inconveniencing passengers
If you need a mobile workstation that packs as much performance punch as possible, you probably want to peruse the Dell Precision 7530. This is a 15.6 lapto...

Here are the official PUBG Mobile 0.13.0 beta update patch notes confirming all the new features that you can expect from the update.
In December last year, Qualcomm unveiled for the first time, its latest processor for laptops called Qualcomm 8cx. The chipset is touted to bring twice the performance of its previous chip, the Snapdragon 850. In addition, it came with 60% better battery life
The low-cost carrier said that its annual net profit for 2018-19 stood at Rs 156.1 crore, which was 93 per cent less than Rs 2,242.4 crore for the 2017-18 fiscal
How To, Google Play error, download app error fix, Google, Android app download error, news, reviews, features, BGR India
Facebook will introduce ads on WhatsApp stories in 2020, it announced at a marketing summit in the Netherlands. Ads would be WhatsApps second revenue source after WhatsApp Business, or third if you consider its still ongoing payments pilot in India. Ads will
A new feature of the upcoming iPhone has leaked indicating that the handset will let users send music to two Bluetooth devices.
The Red Magic 3 is the latest gaming smartphone from Nubia, packing some serious bang for your buck. It is now available in several western markets, too.
On behalf of all users, people from Rhode Island and Michigan in the US have filed a class action suit against Apple alleging a potential data breach situation and false advertising.
Moment has today debuted new bags, wallet cases for devices including the Pixel 3, and new cases for Pixel 3a and OnePlus devices.
The Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 has been one of the best convertible laptops for the past few years; now Dell is giving it a big hardware redesign.
Bungie has revealed the first details about Destiny 2: Season of Opulence. Players can jump into the new Menagerie activity and earn exclusive gear and weapons with six other players. The Exotic rocket launcher Truth is also returning from Destiny
Bryan from Tech YES City chats with Gordon about AMD's 3rd Gen Ryzen, the mysterious 16-core part, and potential overclocking. Check out Tech YES City videos...
Microsoft says that computers with Realtek or Qualcomm Bluetooth radios mighthave issues discovering and connecting to Bluetooth devices after installing or updating toWindows 10 version 1903 because of outdated drivers.
None
None
The new sci-fi strategy shooter merges genres so well, it becomes a beast entirely of its own on Xbox One and PC.
"The Persistence of Chaos" is the deadliest laptop in the world containing 6 pieces of malware that caused a cumulative $95 billion in damages.
Samsung India has officially confirmed the June 11 launch date for the Galaxy M40. The date was tipped by YouTuberGaurav ...
Moody exploration game Sea of Solitude isnt the sort of thing youd expect from publisher EA. The independent game developed by German studio Jo-Mei Games has a July 2019 release date on PS4, Windows PC via Origin, and Xbox One.
The iPod Touch will also work with the Arcade game subscription service, arriving later this year.
BMW has unveiled the third-generation 1-Series. The global launch of the car will take place on September 28, 2019.The 1-Series measures 4,319 mm in length, 1,799 mm in width and 1,434 mm in height with ...
A 17-year-old Australian school student hacked into Apple's secure system hoping to impress the company and get a job.
The Google Pixel 3a passes the durability test with flying colors.
With the prospect of losing access to Android quickly approaching, Huawei has decided to jump the gun and start using its own OS by June.
This is our first impressions hands-on video of the OPPO Reno mid-range smartphone with a "Shark Fin" swivel pop-up camera design.
Fire Tv subscribers can watch the Netflix content, even if they don't have a Netflix account.
RedmiBook 14 is a sleek, affordable and powerful notebook.
iPhones streaming to two devices at the same time, YouTube shutting down their gaming channel? All that and more in today's Techbytes.
Phanteks is almost ready to launch their Enthoo Luxe 2 gaming case. Since we've seen it at CES, Phanteks has effectively updated it in some BIG ways with bet...
As the brand-new version of the game formerly known as Ashes Cricket is released, here's what to expect from the eagerly anticipated title from Big Ant Studios
There will be only 3,000 units of this limited edition smartphone sold globally, as per Asus.
Dauntless hits the mark across the board, and delivers an extremely compelling and engaging monster hunting game that genre newcomers and veterans alike can ...
Intel on Tuesday unveiled its 10th Gen Intel Core processors at the Computex 2019 trade show and also revealed new details about its innovation programme -
In an op-ed article in The New York Times earlier this month, Pichai said that &quot;privacy cannot be a luxury good offered only to people who can afford to buy premium products and services&quot;.
Italian architect Piero Lissoni has created a modular sofa system for B&B Italia, which can be reconfigured with 84 different components. Presented at this y...
We reported yesterday that the latest Galaxy S10 software update (XXU1ASE5) had quite a few bugs. Those of you who ...
As for the Airtel 4G Hotspot postpaid plan, Airtel is offering 75GB of total data for one month of validity.
As promised, Google is shutting down YouTube Gaming and asking users to move to the regular YouTube experience.
Asus has revealed its new ROG Strix XG17 portable monitor that has been specifically designed for gaming on the go. The 17.3-inch display offers a maximum refresh rate of 240 Hz and can be powered either through AC power in the wall or via its two USB Type-C 
Look Ma! No hands-free!,Friction,Controversy,Hardware ,Hardware,Friction,Software,huawei,donald trump,Bluetooth,SD card
The number is significant because Google does not require phone- makers to pre-install this app
Samsung Electronics seems to be taking more time than expected to fix flaws in the main display of its first foldable smartphone Galaxy Fold, according to industry sources Tuesday. It has been more than one month since the South Korean tech giant officially a
Vivo Y15 (2019) launched in India at Rs. 13,990, and will be available via both online and offline stores in the country.
We all know that Google tracks us. What you might not know is that you can actually do something about it.
Samsung has announced the launch of two new USB Type-C power delivery (PD) controllers. The newSE8A and MM101 PD controllerssupport ...
Today at Computex 2019, gaming laptop maker, Alienware launched two new gaming laptops aimed at gamers looking for a portable, thin gaming laptop without c
Flipkart is running its Month-End Mobiles Fest sale this week. The sale will run till May 31 and will offer discounts and bundled offers on a number of popular smartphones.
Corsairtoday announced the launch of the highly-anticipated CORSAIR Hydro X Series, a complete line of custom cooling part. From CPU and graphics card water blocks to a pump/reservoir, fittings, tub...
Bytedance's next move may bring bad news for Xiaomi, Oppo, Vivo and others
Xiaomi-backed Black Shark has come out with the successor to its special edition gaming smartphone, called the Xiaomi Black Shark 2. The new phone has some high-end features, including the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 855SoC processor.
Realme X mobile with 6.53 inch 1080x2340 display alongside 4GB of RAM and 48-megapixel (f/1.7) + 5-megapixel (f/2.4) rear camera. Realme X price, specs, NDTV's Rating, Realme mobile phone review at NDTV Gadgets360.com.
Motorola is yet to officially launch the Moto Z4 smartphone, but premature listings of the phone have already appeared on Amazon.com. The Moto Z4 Amazon listings are no longer accessible, but a screenshot of the listing has revealed that it carried the key sp
The auction was commissioned cybersecurity firm Deep Instinct, and the Samsung NC10 laptop was dubbed The Persistence of Chaos.
NVIDIA GeForce 430.86 WHQL driver offer the optimal gaming experience and is optimized Quake 2 RTX and Assetto Corsa Competizione
Infinix S4 with 32-megapixel selfie camera, triple rear cameras goes on first sale today via Flipkart for Rs 8,999, Infinix S4 Sale today, tech news, check out Infinix S4 review at BGR india
Brayden Schenn knows the Blues need to do a better job of sticking to their game after they blew a two-goal lead against the Bruins.
LG may become a secondary supplier of OLED displays for 2019 iPhones
Super Night Mode and HDR++ both see improvements, and volume key controls have been added to the camera app.
With Reliance Jio preparing to step into the broadband playing field, all the other major broadband service providers are also stepping up their game and making their offerings even more attractive for the subscribers. One of the names which pop []

Get ready for more Android One devices from the company.
We throw our comprehensive test of benchmarks at the 2019 8-core 2.4ghz i9 15-inch MacBook Pro with Radeon Pro Vega 20 graphics including those to test the s...
Privacy enthusiasts dont like the fact that they are being monitored 24/7 by a giant corporation like Google. The company owns more than 95 percent of the smartphone market, thanks to Android. Aside from catapulting Google to the no.1 position in the smartph
If youre a workout enthusiast, youve probably been eyeing a pair of true wireless headphones to cut the cord on your sweat-filled excursions. Good news! Tw...
Netherealm's latest sequel is a crafty, suave, and brutal celebration of the timeless series
Flagship battle, round 2.
NaadSadhana is an iOS app that brings classical music training to everyone. The app can help you practise and learn classical Indian music. It has a lot goin...
Goyal could have been officially or legally advised to stay at home and not travel abroad instead of delaying a foreign carrier and inconveniencing passengers
If you need a mobile workstation that packs as much performance punch as possible, you probably want to peruse the Dell Precision 7530. This is a 15.6 lapto...

Here are the official PUBG Mobile 0.13.0 beta update patch notes confirming all the new features that you can expect from the update.
In December last year, Qualcomm unveiled for the first time, its latest processor for laptops called Qualcomm 8cx. The chipset is touted to bring twice the performance of its previous chip, the Snapdragon 850. In addition, it came with 60% better battery life
The low-cost carrier said that its annual net profit for 2018-19 stood at Rs 156.1 crore, which was 93 per cent less than Rs 2,242.4 crore for the 2017-18 fiscal
How To, Google Play error, download app error fix, Google, Android app download error, news, reviews, features, BGR India
Facebook will introduce ads on WhatsApp stories in 2020, it announced at a marketing summit in the Netherlands. Ads would be WhatsApps second revenue source after WhatsApp Business, or third if you consider its still ongoing payments pilot in India. Ads will
A new feature of the upcoming iPhone has leaked indicating that the handset will let users send music to two Bluetooth devices.
The Red Magic 3 is the latest gaming smartphone from Nubia, packing some serious bang for your buck. It is now available in several western markets, too.
On behalf of all users, people from Rhode Island and Michigan in the US have filed a class action suit against Apple alleging a potential data breach situation and false advertising.
